# Check-in meetings with Aida

* [24/5/22](#date-24-may-2022)
* [30/6/22](#date-30-june-2022)
* [15/9/22](#date-15-september-2022)

### Date: 15 September 2022

#### Who did you help this week?
* CarpentriesCon workshop
* AIM RSF Workshop
* TRE event at RSE Con collab with Dundee 
* LTN Bristol workshop preparation
* EDoN folk

#### Who helped you this week?
* So many people!!
* Lots of help from Whitaker Lab on community management (SB, AB, SG, VH), event management (AR, VH), communicating DSH for wider audience (all), more...
* OLS mentor!

#### What did you achieve?
* TRE event at RSE Con (and community to come)
* DSPT certification - and open sourcing?
* Clarity on EDoN project
* Set up of TTW workstream for reviewers/editors

#### What did you struggle with?
* Role scope creep - PM, CM, RAM...
* Personal chaos

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Community management/open source project management research!!
* Strategising with now wider DSH team
* Formalising internal process for deploying DSH + docssssss

### Date: 30 June 2022

#### Who did you help this week?
* (Need to properly action) but helping Sanger scrutinise DSPT accreditation work
* (Need to properly action) linking up connections from events to Turing work that is happening (e.g. Usencryption)

#### Who helped you this week?
* JR - more and more clarification/guidance on DSH stuff, as well as ways of working
* AB - just being AB, project management side of things and helping structure/scope project reporting outputs
* MO/JR - lots of work going into DSPT certification (which I think is drawing bigger issues up about where the project is at). Has been a bigger piece of work than I thought it would be, but the time they have given especially this week has been invaluable

#### What did you achieve?
* DSPT should be nearly done! Or at least clarity on where we're at
* Attending lots of events - unfortunately Birmingham HDRUK event was virtual so less chance to meet people (also didn't make the afternoon), hoping to catch up when I have some time!
* Also spent some time on Monday trying to structure my thoughts/work a bit more... I want to eventually start working in the open on GitHub, this will also help me keep on track of what's going on!  
   * [AM comment] I love the direction you're thinking of with working more in the open! :tada:   

#### What did you struggle with?
* It's been a bit of a slow week getting back into things after being away, especially with jet lag!
* Conversations around DSH that get more technical I struggle with, want to do some upskilling so I can contribute to these convos more effectively
   * [AM] I am 100% supportive of investing time and resources for your upskilling and professional development in general. There is a course on Research Data Science and a different course on Research Software Engineering that REF run once or twice a year. Perhaps ping JR to see if he thinks these are appropriate for you? Also AC has attended one of those - she could give you a little bit of feedback.
* I think there's definitely a confidence issue with contributing thoughts to discussions, especially from a perceived

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Start analysing user interviews for IG App reporting
   * [AM] Would be fantastic to see a presentation of this material at the Lab meeting on 4 August. Also, if you'd like to present a more work-in-progress version at the RAM weekly meeting and get some input from us three - I think that would be excellent. 
* Flesh out a timeline/strategy for DSH open-sourcing. Soft idea yesterday was to aim for 1st September as the day we go open source. Agree whether this will be the case, and if so, what needs to be done before then
   * [AM] This is the holy grail! :tada So excited to see the strategy. 
* Follow up/get actions/events/discussions in with contacts made this week
* Spend some more time thinking about the TPS/TTW side of my role
   * [AM] I am very supportive of getting more clarity and direction on this. 

### Date: 24 May 2022

* Fitting in role with the rest of the RAMs
    * Seems quite different!

* User interviews
    * Alden has produced an interview ASG rubrik for RAMs for scoping out RAM engagement 
    * Based it on the open canvas methodology, based on lean methodology
    * How can we reuse the template for user testing that I create

* Malvika has a template for documentation
    * Check out cookie cutter documentation templates
    * Big value add if we can standardise all of this in terms of templating documentation

* Interested in pedagogy, Kirstie would love linking in with carpentries
    * Would be cool to do more stuff with them

* If you are a researcher at institute, you should nurture and develop something of your own
    * I should publish a paper eventually, doesn't just have to be coauthoring the DSH paper
    * There are different pathways
        * E.g. conferences, round tables, panels etc
        * Then fostering relationships with e.g. Carpentries - you could then e.g. bring in to different initiatives in Turing

* RAM Website - bunch of YT videos presenting RAM projects - have a look when you have time!
    * Lightning talks are really good
    * July ==> ASG conference
