# Check in meetings with Kirstie

* [Date: 26 May 2021](#date-26-may-2021)
* [Date: 5 May 2021](#date-5-may-2021)
* [Date: 21 April 2021](#date-21-april-2021)
* [Date: 7 April 2021](#date-7-april-2021)
* [Date: 25 March 2021](#date-25-march-2021)

### Date: 26 May 2021

#### Who did you help over the past fortnight?

* GA - mentoring chat - especially chatted about how the Autspaces platform could generalise for different types of users
* SB - about the PhD in general 
* AW - chat about concluding some old recruitment tasks 
* HM - about sessions for ASG PDRAs
* SG - mentoring chat
* AB - a Master's student who wants to use computer vision in his Physics thesis (my 'volunteer' work outside turing)

KW: So helpful! Thank you üôè

#### Who helped you this week?

* IKG - mentoring chat
* KW - how to prepare an engaging and inspiring presentation for ASG MB 
* EM, HD, MS - presentation styles 
  * KW: LOVE IT! (Chapter in the Turing Way üòú)

#### What did you achieve?

* Presented to ASG MB for the first time :tada:
  * KW: Fantastic - well done!! 
* Had an indepth conversation with JR about DSH strategy - felt like I am getting to grips with this important aspect of TPS work
  * KW: FAB - thank you üí™ 
* Prepared (almost there!) for OLS graduation tomorrow.
  * KW: üéì
* Took part in some of the Book Dash sessions last week and got my first merge into The Turing Way and started my first chapter :sparkles:
  * KW: WOOOOO üìöüí®
* Continued on setting up the Impact Reading Group --- we're about to ask for funding for the first speaker.
 
#### What did you struggle with?

* I've been generally tired recently.
  I struggle with maintaining my usual pace and I feel less produtive.
  I am taking some annual leave at the end of this week - I think I need it and that I'll come back refreshed and able to pick up the normal pace again.
  * KW: I'm glad you have that annual leave. All your RAM work is long haul changes so take care of yourself first in order to change the world üêè üåç
 
#### What would you like to work on next week?

* rest and recharge next week :) 
* prepare for my appraisal 
* submit 360 feedback where needed
* pick up long term projects once i'm recharged (RAM paper, DAS project)
* pick up the DT convo with AD once he's ready 
* promote the RAM JD :tada:

KW: All sounds great - thank you üå†

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* I'd love to chat more about DSH strategy as well as potential 'stakeholder project plans' if we're ready to discuss more
  * KW: Super fun discussion!

### Date: 5 May 2021

#### Who did you help over the past fortnight?

* RD - new joiner in the AI Programmme/PMU - orientation 
  * KW: Great stuff - very kind
* HD - on Turing impact and strategy
  * KW: Sounds super interesting & v helpful for sure :muscle:
* SG - mentoring chat

#### Who helped you this week?

* KW - I learned more about GitHub 
  * KW: And how to reset your password üòú

#### What did you achieve?

* Put together a job description for an ASG Community Manager
  * KW: GREAT. Thank you üå†
* Drafted the first skeleton of 'Mind the skills gap in academia: can a RAM be an effective solution?' paper (provocative title); agreed with Malvika that the paper is my official OLS training output for the graduation (in 3 weeks)
  * KW: Ooooooh - what fun!
  * Discussion in the meeting about "what problem are RAMs trying to solve?" 
    * I think my perspective is that RAMs are huge contributions to _team science_ and _collaborative working_... I guess you're fixing a "soft skills" ü§Æ gap...
    * Digital skills around bridging jargon for sure - skills that people need to collaborate.
    * I guess I see RAMs üêèüêèüêè more around solving the _incentives_ rather than the _skills_ gaps.
    * Do we need academia to move towards _products_? Should that be something that industry is responsible for?
* Coordinated a scoping session for the computer vision toolkit for DS4S üéâ
  * KW: GREAT WORK HERE! We achieved the goal :star2:
* Had first discussions towards scoping an engagement with an organisation around a 'data trust' - slow, but very ambitious potentially
  * KW: Keep an eye on that project - v interesting üëÄ
* Coordinated the Intro to GitHub session for ASG postdocs
  * KW: Well done!
* DAS paper: downloaded the most recent data; installed MongoDB; went through some of the existing data pipeline scripts to try and understand the flow; arranged a slot with IS to discuss
  * KW: Delighted!
* Followed the Pangeo discussion: should there be a RAM to coordinate with the user community?
  * KW: Yes.... but I think we also have some ASG RAM resource to potentially help?
* Went to a fun TPS seminar (CZI), listened to Data as an Instrument of Coloniality, read some stuff around Research Impact, started reading The Emergent Strategy, re-read parts of a book I originally read 5 years ago (Reinventing Organisations: A Guide to Creating Organizations Inspired by the Next Stage in Human Consciousness) ‚ú®
  * KW: SO GREAT.

#### What did you struggle with?

* DAS: going through other people's scripts can be challenging 
  * KW: OMG LOOOOOLLLLLZZZZZ - so true!
 
#### What would you like to work on next week?

* I should present at the ASG MB board meeting next week - prep for that 
* I would like to complete a first properly readable draft of the "RAM position paper" ‚ú®
* Prep for the OLS graduation
* Progress the discussion about the data trust org
* * Make some progress with DAS after discussing with IS

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Most important: Prep for the ASG MB meeting - we also have a meeting with AC tomorrow
  * KW: Covered in meeting! Well done keeping us on topic üòÄ

### Date: 21 April 2021

#### Who did you help over the past fortnight?

* RD - new joiner in the AI Programmme/PMU 
* HD - on Turing impact and strategy
* HM - onboarding postdocs in general
* SG - mentoring chat

#### Who helped you this week?

* IGK - mentoring chat
* KW - facilitating sessions on HackMD

#### What did you achieve?

* We onboarded ASG postdocs üéâ
* We have made a plan for the Impact Reading/Working Group ‚ú®
* We made provisional stakeholder engagement plans for DS4S work
* I started suggesting 'product management-y' advice to the computer vision toolkit work in DS4S, for example what the scoping process might look like
  * KW: Yeaaaaaah!! This is why you're here from the _start_ of projects not just at the end!
* We sent the RAM JD to Recruitment üéâ
  * KW: And got some comments back ‚úîÔ∏è

#### What did you struggle with?

* I think for me, the next stage of "success" will be to:
  * Demonstrate very hands-on technical interventions: for example, whether to integrate a toolkit within existing open source projects
    * KW: Raphtory, sktime, data safe haven are all good examples of RAM work... but you're also doing a lot of work at the moment, from my perspective there's no great rush to demonstrate this success just yet!
  * Build up to producing more scholarly output: I think I am still in the service+strategy mindset, and I am slowly expanding my ability to produce scholarly works (position papers, Turing Way chapters, lit reviews, research papers, etc)
  * KW: Don't forget Zombie Marie Curie's advice: https://xkcd.com/896
  * What about uplevelling the Data Availability Statement work to a 10/10 according to the Turing Way?
  *  https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/das-public
 
#### What would you like to work on next week?

* I have a meeting with AD tomorrow to discuss RAM work for DCE 
  * KW: I think this will be a super fun meeting! Enjoy! :stars: 
* I have a meeting with DWP about DSH
  * KW: FAB - I'll come along to the meeting, but you and JR take the lead! Make sure to check in with NG beforehand too please üå∫
* I would like to help scope the computer vision toolkit for DS4S in more detail, including whether it should fit in an existing open source project
* I would like to complete a first draft of the "RAM position paper" ‚ú®
* I would like to start writing a Turing Way chapter (there are several that I want to write: onboarding guide; tool design; maybe something around parental leave and smooth return to work with IGK; also to pitch in to the data visualisation chapter) 
* continue with OLS training
* fix the date for the inaugural lecture of the impact reading group 

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* SH idea: to turn some use-cases for the comp vision toolkit into a Kaggle challenge - thoughts?
* Computer vision toolkit for DS4S - any advice?
* Visualisation toolkit for EnvSensors - any advice?
* Pangeo - any advice?
* Stand-up meetings for ASG postdocs - thoughts? Next training session?
  * KW: SO MANY THOUGHTS! Keep going with the trainings for now and we'll chat more ‚ùáÔ∏è
* How do I encourage postdocs to use the shared github repo? e.g. we could start logging information around which datasets people have gained access to; and where they have been unsuccessful 
  * KW: Demonstrating the behaviour that you want to see is really the best way to go. It's slow.... but the best way to go üåà
* AC suggested that us 3 should meet to discuss the next ASG MGTM board meeting and a possible RAM update presentation
  * KW: Yes - sounds great üíØ 
  * Link to the midterm review and showcase DS4S - will be super fun!

### Date: 7 April 2021

#### Who did you help over the past fortnight?

* HM - on onboarding postdocs
  * KW: YES - a little challenging but really valuable.

#### Who helped you this week?

* IKG (mentoring chat)

#### What did you achieve?

* I feel like I properly onboarded as a RAM within the AI4S Programme:
  * I attended their monthly management meeting - JR with the 4 PIs. 
  * I attended the E&S CTP meeting.
  * I got invited to the weekly project meeting with SH and team.
  * I got added to all of their Slack channels, Github repos, Google-drive folders. 
  * We agreed that in the first instance, my help would probably most useful in refining the scope of their proposed computer vision toolkit.
    There will be a whiteboard scoping session some time in May likely.
    I suggested that we invite some potential 'users' and stakeholders, but before that, we will be doing a little landscape analysis to try and identify a 'niche'. I offered to help here.
  * My plan is to be as involved as possible with AI4S in these early days, since there seems to be lots of goodwill and opportunity for impact. 
    * KW: WOOOOO HOOOO! üéâ üéä üôå
* We more or less finalised our org committee now for the Impact reading group.
  This Friday is the big planning meeting where we want to discuss the texts to start with and other org matters. 
  * Your feedback around posting in the tps channel as we crystalise our questions is taken on board. 
  * I think we will start with Mark Reed's book for the very first session.
    I think there needs to be a nod to REF.
    As well as to The Hidden REF.
    So we frame the discussion within these known and existing parameters. 
    * KW: Excited to hear how this develops.
* I attended CW21 - which was really valuable - I contextualised some of my early thinking about the position paper on RAMs.
  I got pointed to references (Hidden REF, and others too). 
* I spoke with CF (from Partnerships) about how we will work together in covering stakeholders.
* I did some work preparing to onboard ASG postdocs.
  * KW: You did a GREAT job!
    Thank you! üå†

#### What did you struggle with?

* I think I can do better next time we onboard a new batch of postdocs (maybe May or June).
  It felt like I didn't quite grip the situation early enough, I didn't get calendar invites early enough (so what ended up happening is that some programmes booked their folks for the entire Tuesday).
  * KW: I think this is a tough situation - I think there are lessons that we can learn that can go in The Turing Way chapter so that we can be a bit smoother in the future.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Do well on onboarding postdocs - get to know about them and their work. 
* Reach out to AD regarding the RAM workplan for his CTP
* Start delivering on RAM stuff for AI4S - maybe some landscape analysis work, familiarise myself with their repos, etc. 
* Do more OLS training... 
* Engage more deeply with the reproducibility and interoperability resources in The Turing Way 
* Finish any last issues with the RAM JD, and work on the TPS Fellow JD

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Plans for Friday discussion session.
  * Done in the meeting üåü

| Time  | Activity | Location |
| ----- | -------- | -------- |
| 10:00 | Welcome, code of conduct | Main room |
| 10:05 | Definition of open | HackMD |
| 10:10 | Personal stories / experiences with open research | Breakout rooms |
| 10:25 | Introduce your partner, tell their open research story in 2 minutes (no more!) | Main room |
| 10:50 | Definition of reproducible, collaboration. Similarities and differences to open | HackMD / main room |
| 11:05 | :coffee: Comfort break | Video / audio off |
| 11:15 | How does working openly / reproducibly contribute (or not!) to career progression? | Breakout rooms |
| 11:25 | Report back, open discussion | Main room |
| 11:40 | Definition of "collaboration" | HackMD |
| 11:45 | Collaboration at the Turing | Main room |
| 11:55 | Close out, pluses and deltas | HackMD |

#### Any other topics


### Date: 25 March 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

* SG, GA (mentoring chats)
  * KW: I'm so glad - thank you!
* Had a chat with EM about her handover
  * KW: So saddddd :sob: but super helpful!  

#### Who helped you this week?

* IKG (mentoring chat)
  * KW: I'm so glad you're learning about the EAG with IKG
* MS (helped me with github, and gave me feedback on OLS tasks) 
  * KW: Great stuff - thank you so much for engaging with all these skills

#### What did you achieve?

* Sent an email to JR regarding first draft of the RAM workplan for E&S theme.
  * KW: Brilliant - feel free to ping SH if JR doesn't loop him in (I think he will though)
* I think I am getting better at Github (I created a RAM repo on The Alan Turing Institute github account and started adding stuff there that I hope will scale to other RAMs and ASG researchers). 
  * KW: LOVE THIS üôå
* I am mirroring the Github repo on Turing Sharepoint for now, but that's for housekeeping for now. It might not continue for everything.
  * KW: Makes sense!
* Had the first meeting with JW to set up our little Impact reading group, and made the first steps in reaching out to people. 
  * KW: We didn't talk about this in the meeting BUT this sounds great although I'm not convinced lots of people will come along... you might have to think carefully about who you _need_ to be there and then invite them. I'd also really encourage you to post questions that come up in the #tps channel on slack - you might get good thoughts from people there if they can't make the session.

#### What did you struggle with?

* I will attend the Shocks and Resilience CTP meeting today, but I am slightly struggling to see if I am adding any value for now. I will be in a listen and wait mode.
  * KW: Thank you for coming. The onboarding work is going to be _super_ valuable. 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Make a plan for the Impact reading group 
* Reach out to AD regarding the RAM workplan for his CTP
* Chat with new joiner CF (and NG if need be) to figure out how best to work with Partnerships on ASG
* Attend the management meeting for the E&S CTP and refine the RAM workplan 
* Attend CW21 
* Do more OLS training... 
* Maybe help KW with the Trinity Challenge grant prep, if that's still going ahead 
* I want to engage more deeply with the reproducibility and interoperability resources in The Turing Way- for my education, and to enable my communication with ASG, and to help plan what we need in the future.

KW: LOVE all of these!

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Is there anything I could do better/more in connecting with JR and other Theme Leads for now? 
  *  I think the next step would be to start building trust with the PIs.
  *  To prepare training for postdocs. 
    * KW: I think this is a high priority area - thinking of it as a landscape mapping exercise - who are these folks? What have they done? What do they care about? Where are the opportunities?
    * And lets invite them to _The Turing Way_.
  *  To reach out to stakeholders.
* Refining the JDs for TPS Fellows and RAMs 
  * KW: YES - I think I'll make progress on that next week ‚úîÔ∏è

#### Any other topics

There always are other topics and I'm sure they will come up as we chat. üò∏

KW: Thank you for your input on TPS strategy! Excited to work with you üöÄ
