# Emma's Weekly Meeting Notes

* [16 February 2022](#date-16-february-2022)
* [02 February 2022](#date-02-february-2022)
* [19 January 2022](#date-19-january-2022)
* [5 January 2022](#date-5-january-2022)
* [8 December 2021](#date-8-december-2021)
* [24 November 2021](#date-24-november-2021)
* [13 October 2021](#date-13-october-2021)
* [23 June 2021](#date-23-june-2021)
* [9 June 2021](#date-9-june-2021)
* [26 May 2021](#date-26-may-2021)
* [12 May 2021](#date-12-may-2021)
* [21 April 2021](#date-21-april-2021)
* [17 March 2021](#date-17-march-2021)
* [10 March 2021](#date-10-march-2021)
* [24 February 2021](#date-24-february-2021)
* [17 February 2021](#date-17-february-2021)
* [10 February 2021](#date-10-february-2021)
* [Template](#template-date-dd-month-yyyy)

### Date: 16 February 2022

#### Who did you help this week?

* VH & AR - we had some discussions about Github repository set ups and project management docs.

#### Who helped you this week?

* HM & DS - great teamwork! :star2: 

#### What did you achieve?

* DC - coordinating data extracts, data paper feedback.
* TRSS - less planning and more actual work. 
  * Finished first draft of stakeholder mapping - [See here](https://app.mural.co/invitation/mural/thelab3596/1643648254195?sender=ub9d4f38e45699383003a3927&key=9858a19a-bc39-4dcc-8cdc-089295274683).
  * Writing lay summaries for labp projects. 
  * Organising knowledge shares - first one was this week. 
* Working with ME and EP on sensitive data overiew chapter - hoping to get finished in next few weeks.  

#### What did you struggle with?

* Aspirational stakeholders? who are they? and what do I do if TD and UK--- have differing opinions on this? 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* stakeholder mapping -> engagement planning - finish adding exisiting stakeholders and moving on to thinking more about engagement - who, in what and how? Also those aspirational stakeholders.
* engaging more with lab members and ukhsa SROs and data scientist - more coffee chats. 

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* please take another look at my preformance management objectives: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sIHOG05HC27-b8A76Zy4YUoXu_kXqe-K-iJBjySYjoo/edit?usp=sharing

#### Any other topics

This space is yours to add to as needed.


### Date: 02 February 2022

#### Who did you help this week?

* VH & AR - we had some discussions about Github repository set ups and project management docs.

#### Who helped you this week?

* HM & DS - great teamwork! :star2: 

#### What did you achieve?

* DC - coordinating data extracts, data paper feedback.
* TRSS - oh so many planning documents! 
  * Finished first draft of baseline impact assessment, now redrafting to be more narrative. 
  * Started stakeholder mapping - did a big spreadsheet but have been having fun making this into a fancy pretty picture! [See here](https://app.mural.co/invitation/mural/thelab3596/1643648254195?sender=ub9d4f38e45699383003a3927&key=9858a19a-bc39-4dcc-8cdc-089295274683). 
  * Met with organisers of UKHA events and now arranging talks by lab projects at UKHSA events.
* First meeting of academic authorship paper at collab cafe - went ok but found a very similar paper that I need to read. 
* MS and I met with uni of camb about FAIR training.

#### What did you struggle with?

* Aspirational stakeholders? who are they? and what do I do if TD and UK--- have differing opinions on this? 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* stakeholder mapping - finish adding exisiting stakeholders and moving on to thinking more about engagement - who, in what and how? Also those aspirational stakeholders.
* engaging more with lab members and ukhsa SROs and data scientist - more coffee chats. 

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* please take another look at my preformance management objectives: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sIHOG05HC27-b8A76Zy4YUoXu_kXqe-K-iJBjySYjoo/edit?usp=sharing

#### Any other topics

This space is yours to add to as needed.



### Date: 19 January 2022

#### Who did you help this week?

* DS - updating on my experiences so far and planning together. 
* Data paper team - getting the data paper out for further feedback üéâ

#### Who helped you this week?

HM - again a superstar- answering my many many questions! 

#### What did you achieve?

* TRRS - many many meetings, started to meet with small groups (REG and data wranglers so far), met with RSS, planning community building and communications in more detail with DS, started baseline assessment of lecture series data and other lab outputs, started community network map. 
* Data paper sent for feedback.
* Academic authorship paper organising meeting and planning document. 
* Keeping an eye on project exec presentations prep. üëÄ
* Had meetings with grants officer and partnership manager about NHM projects. 
* Gave a talk on open science to opendoors EU. 

#### What did you struggle with?

* so many meetings!

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Completing baseline data for metrics.
* Finish first draft of community network map.
* Start work on Github repo/s.
* Academic authorship paper writing.

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Performance management objectives, etc.

#### Any other topics

This space is yours to add to as needed.


### Date: 5 January 2022

#### Who did you help this week?

* Nobody yet as been on holidays and can't remember before that - seems very long ago.
  * KW: All your family to have a lovely winter break üòâ ‚ùÑÔ∏è

#### Who helped you this week?

* HM - a lot with all onboarding materials!
  * KW: Great stuff - thank you for working through all of those!

#### What did you achieve?

* Data paper - spoke to NB about editing and finishing off figures, arranged meeting with EP, updated the license to MIT and CCBY 4.0 using turing way as template. 
  * KW: Great stuff! üöÄ
* Onboarding for Turing-RSS lab - reading lots, met with technical directors and will go to lots of meetings. 
  * KW: Really great - and thank you for the chat in the meeting to get prepped for our meetings this afternoon!
* Academic authorship paper - have dug out the prototype tool I helped with at the CW21 - contacted those involved, they are happy to be involved or hand over work on this, and the tool will then be taken on by Living with Machines REG top develop further. I'll arrange a meeting soon about this for planning. 
  * KW: Very fun!! ‚úçÔ∏è

#### What did you struggle with?

* Nothing - I've been on holiday!
  * KW: üíù

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Starting to work on things from the PID for community building in Turing-RSS lab - probably commmunity network mapping and other documentation.
* Arranging planning meeting for academic authorship paper - in next collab cafe or separate meeting?
  * KW: Totally fine to use the collaboration cafe - that was one of the ideas I had about having the collab cafes be a regular window! If folks can't make that time then go ahead and find another üòÑ
* Working transferring useful documentation from data management repo to clean repo to create data dictionary/documentation. 

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* PID for community building - expand community network map to more in depth community building docs. 
  * KW: Discussed in meeting - gentle steps and linking up with DS... and really agree with the 

### Date: 8 December 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

* SSI selection day reviewer
  * KW: Big day!! Glad it was fun!
* Mentoring chats with GA and ME
  * KW: Thank you üôè

#### Who helped you this week?

* AP - helping setting up the clean Github repo for data paper.
  * KW: Great stuff! Super exciting.

#### What did you achieve?

* Setting up the clean Github repo for data paper.
* Organising meetings and other community manager stuff.
* Finishing off some bits from bookdash.
* Started planning academic authorship paper - link [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QVkItbEvg4sEgl-PpEH2UOYTiz4cFuQqfmd8B72bMes/edit?usp=sharing)
  * KW: Really keen to brainstorm in the new year - thank you for leading on this!
* Sensitive data - been linking up with other Elixir UK fellows to plan our work around sensitive data - we will be making short videos - RDM bites - that will then be turned into online and in person courses.
  * KW: Fantastic!! Such an important topic!
  * And yes to the lunch and learn idea!

#### What did you struggle with?

* Another sick kiddie :cry: - major juggling going on at the moment.
  * KW: Poor kiddooooo. Rubbish üò≠

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Wrapping up things before the end of the year. 
  * end of year newsletter for project
  * data paper sent out to leadership team
  * planning paper writing - academic authorship, barriers to repro in archaeology and FAIR phytos intro paper.

KW: These all look great - thank you!

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Review end of year newsletter please - maybe write a thank you part?
  * KW: Yes - very happy to do so!

### Date: 24 November 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

* GA and ME - mentoring.
  * KW: Great stuff!

#### Who helped you this week?

* MS - had a mentoring chat - I was feeling a bit stressed at the beginning of last week.
  * KW: I'm so glad üå∏

#### What did you achieve?

* Data paper - finished fig3 data workflow/ wiki with AP - there is a hold up with SG getting access to computer.
  * KW: Very exciting that everyone is rocking along with this so well! Well done!
* More Github training with AP - working on newsletter together.
  * KW: This sounds great - thank you! üôè
* Turing Way - bookdash and running the openpublishing fest workshop with EP and RA.
* Ran a reproducible research workshop at Durham uni with another SSI fellow and open science intro workshops.
  * KW: BUSY WEEKS with all these workshops!!!
* Met with DB and KH about Natural History Museum Project - need to find out more information about the research element of the project as they are not interested in the infrastructure part.
  * KW: Good chat - lets see if I can join the next one & see if we can tease apart this infrastructure / innovation angle.

#### What did you struggle with?

* Nothing at the moment.
  * KW: Except for the whole feeling stressed and overwhelmed thing üòâ
  * Glad you got support and worked through it though üå∫

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Start making the clean repo for the data paper.
* Continue working on writing about sensitive types of data.
* Plannning out the academic authorship paper and writing to journals about it.
  * KW: Or maybe in the new year üòú

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* How do you start a new repo on the alan turing organisation - thinking we need to set up a clean one to go with the data paper. 
  * We'll transfer across datamanagement info and wiki and also include code for figures. 
  * KW: Discussed in meeting üöÄ

#### Any other topics

This space is yours to add to as needed.


### Date: 13 October 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

* NB and AP - onboarding info, meetings and Github training. 
  * KW: Thank you! Fantastic üëã
* ME - been helping with bookdash application and writing about sensitive data.
  * KW: Delighted with this!

#### Who helped you this week?

* MS - helping me to sort out turing way chapter and she is also being an amazing mentor for my SSI Fellowship.
  * KW: So wonderful - great news üíñ

#### What did you achieve?

* Having regular meetings with NB, RG, SG, AP and students for data paper. Sent more resources to NB for the data paper.
  * KW: SO SO exciting that these are moving forwards üöÄ
* AP and I are working on updating the data management repo and wiki. Adding info from clinicians about data collection in each hospital.
  * KW: How fantastic!
* AP onboarding - project repo tour, Hackmd and Github training, linking him up with others to get on with data paper. 
  * KW: Thank you üôè
* Turing Way workshop at Open Science FAIR. 
  * KW: Great!
* Academic authorship chapter now in Turing Way.
  * KW: SO FREAKING COOL - absolutely amazing - THANK YOU üôèüå∏
* Working on generic templates of project procedures for sensitive data chapter. Overview of sensitive data/projects.
  * KW: Really delighted with this collaboration!
* FAIR Phytoliths now fully started - we had a launch day with EOSC-life, onboarding new postdoc based in Spain and started FAIR assessment. Also we have now formed an international committee for open phytolith science in the International Phytolith Society. 
  * KW: Glad it has all started!!!!
* Been planning a workshop on reproducibility in archaeology at Durham Uni, which is this friday afternoon. Also got open science skills workshops coming up in November.
  * KW: Exciting!

#### What did you struggle with?

* Everything ok apart from still struggling with ESOC-funding ü§Ø

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Writing about sensitive data/managing these types of projects for turing way in prep for bookdash - co-working with ME.
* Working with AP on data paper - we are going through the wiki and data management repo to fill in any gaps. 
* Keeping on top of authorship prep for data paper.   

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Data paper - data access procedure and clarity about whether dataset is just for covid or can be for acute care?
  * KW: Chat in the next meeting! üöÄ
* Academic authorship paper - I have talked to MS about this and we need to all meet to discuss a plan, journal, sections and others we want involved such as living with machines, etc.
  * KW: Very excited about this!
* Chat about National Collections project - how could I get Turing involved in this as I think it something great for Turing 2.0? - maybe we can talk more about this at one of your office hours?


### Date: 23 June 2021

#### Who did you help this week?
* MN - editing interview
  * KW: Amazing üå†
* Engage@turing students - arranging meetings, discussing work.
  * KW: üôè

#### Who helped you this week?
* MS - restructuring TW chapter
  * KW: So fab!
* HM - during the project meeting
  * KW: As always üòâ ‚ú®

#### What did you achieve?

* Community manager tasks - checking on data availability, organising students with tasks/meeting with SG, chairing meeting, meeting notes.
  * KW: Really appreciate the update - thank you!
* Data paper draft - add all links apart from new data extract documentation.
  * KW: Thank you for keeping an eye on this.
* Authorship documents started for data paper and templates available for other papers when needed.
  * KW: I LOVE THIS SO MUCH - thank you!
* Academic authorship case study with Living with Machines is written - met with FN and MC - https://hackmd.io/cKOP1WjVTb25GS0sgb_3EA
* Communicating with wider audiences is finished and just being restructure by MS before merging! üéâ
  * KW: SO SO COOL! Thank you!

#### What did you struggle with?

* Interviewing and choosing a postdoc for my new project - ü§Ø

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Data quality meeting with EP, SG and students.
* Writing a blog to advertise TW chapter with MN and MM.
  * KW: SSI, and maybe Turing Institute blog?? Very cool either way!
* TW Academic paper writing chapter.

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?
* Authorship chapter - documents for other papers to be check please.

### Date: 9 June 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

* Lab - Goatherding
  * KW: üêêüêêüêê
* Engage students - meeting with SM about Gitlab.
  * KW: Well done on bringing that conversation together!
* ME and GA - mentoring.

#### Who helped you this week?

* Lab members co-working last week - focused my work.

#### What did you achieve?

* Community manager work - newsletter, meeting notes, helping engage@turing students.
  * KW: Noted in the meeting - as you're ramping down please keep an eye on what "minimum valuable product" looks like for community managemetn in DECOVID.
* Started work on data paper template and drawing info together.
* Turing way chapter - finishing off social media section and formating in Github.
  Should be ready to merge by the end of this week.
* Been listening to Open Repo Conf this week.

#### What did you struggle with?

* All ok.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Finish off data paper prep work.
* Arranging the data quality work with SG and engage@turing students. 
* Working on academic writing TW chapter.

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Reading authorship chapter üòç
  * KW: A day in the park when I'm on holiday.


### Date: 26 May 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

* Turing way bookdash - I was on the planning committee and helped to run some sessions during the week.
  * KW: You were so fantastic - thank you! üåü
* ME - mentoring session

#### Who helped you this week?

* MN and MM - wonderful co-workers, great discussions and super ideas to progress chapter.
  * KW: So fantastic - really excited for this chapter üìö

#### What did you achieve?

* Project community management - keeping going with meeting notes, coordinating other meetings, progressing database issues, newsletter writing, helping students with presentation and Gitlab. 
* Nearly finished a chapter to merge The Turing Way on Communicating with wider audiences.

#### What did you struggle with?

* Crazy busy as took on too much outside of turing work so not going to do that again! üî¨
  * KW: WELL DONE on crossing off the big task! Enjoy the long weekend üåÑ

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Starting the data paper outline.
* Finish Wider audiences chapter and merge into the book - still needs social media sections adding, formatting checking and adding refs and other links. 

KW: Great priorities ‚úîÔ∏è

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Reading wider audiences chapter

#### Any other topics

Had a chat in person about continued engagement beyond the end of your time with DECOVID üò∏

### Date: 12 May 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

* MS - with The Turing Way Bookdash
  * KW: Really really great - thank you so much üå†
* All lab - Was the Goatherd
  * KW: üêê

#### Who helped you this week?

* AB & GA - helped edit Hidden Ref Turing entries - see [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rmEHJe9vWhI-Jbbid1Lbvfvv0Kd-WgEUaEDmcQ-0M_E/edit?usp=sharing)
  * KW: BRILLIANT - submit away üôè

#### What did you achieve?

* Continuing community management of project - meeting schedule, May newsletter, meeting announcements, project update, database.
* Working on Turing Way chapters - wider audiences, academic collaborative writing.
* Meeting with engage@turing students.

#### What did you struggle with?

* All ok

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* The Turing Way Bookdash!
* Keep project ticking over at the same time.

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Project authorship criteria and documents: https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/DECOVID-projectmgmt/pull/357
* Made a branch for new authorship documents [here](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/DECOVID-projectmgmt/tree/authorship-templates/publications)

KW: Please pin me down for a session to work with you on these during the Book Dash üìöüí®

### Date: 21 April 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

* MS - Prepared powerpoint for CW21 Project design session.
* GA - Mentoring meeting.
* engage@turing students - met with them to go through Github, answering queries and have been practicing PR review with them.
* LC - helped with onboarding and co-working for getting going with Github.  

KW: So fab - thank you so much!!
Incredibly valuable support üå∫

#### Who helped you this week?

* HM - Super organised with IG things.
  * KW: AS ALWAYS!
* ME - Co-working for paper writing.
  * KW: Brilliant support network - I'm delighted ‚ú®

#### What did you achieve?

* Community manager things - keeping on top of meetings schedule and notes, shared code folder, student wrangling, finished newsletter.
* Finished first draft of authorship chapter and sent out for comments/editing.
* Written up [DSG report writing training course](https://hackmd.io/7PZQJhMLTdyn3VLsp7CRLw) and now converting this into a Turing chapter - [Collaborative Academic writing](https://hackmd.io/xHzPEzPkQCudZ_XV0TILEA?both).
  * KW: NO WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY!! üôÄüôÄüôÄüôÄüôÄüôÄ
    * That is SO FREAKING COOL!
* Meeting with DP to introduce Turing Way Github and go through DSG manual.
* Researching journals for project data paper.
  * KW: Conversation about this in the meeting.
    Keen to keep the conversation going üéá
* Preparing authorship documentation templates that will be needed soon.
* Attended CW21 - hackday about contributions - Credit All.
  * KW: Really fantastic üå†

#### What did you struggle with?

* All good at the moment.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Work with students in the DSH to get started on Gitlab.
* Work more on collaborative academic writing section for Turing Way.
* Finalise the authorship documentation in Github.
* Other community management things - starting next newsletter, meeting notes in Github repo, etc.

KW: Fantastic stuff!
Thank you!

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* To merge [authorship guidelines PR](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/DECOVID-projectmgmt/pull/357)
* Report writing course for carpentries - shall we expand to a full day? Add session on planning writing for projects such as authorship, going over collaborative tools, and then academic writing, etc. Could be longer if we create a course to produce a publications with a executable research compendia using Binder. 

#### Any other topics

KW: Fun conversation about the digital humanities at the Turing.
A few links:
* https://www.turing.ac.uk/research/interest-groups/humanities-and-data-science
* https://doi.org/10.6084/m9.figshare.12732164.v5
* Check out Sarah Stewart's work too! üò∏

### Date: 17th March 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

* engage@turing students onboarding and answering questions - meeting booked for weds 1pm to go through github repos.
  * KW: SO delighted with this!! :heart_eyes:

#### Who helped you this week?

* ME - suggested we have a co-working session to help us focus on the papers we are writing.
  * KW: So good! Maybe IKG and GA could be included if that didn't distract too much.

#### What did you achieve?

* Community management - meeting announcements and notes, shared code folder, meeting organisation.
* Student onboarding.
* First draft of Authorship chapter is nearly done and also spoke to IB.
  * KW: Ooooooh - I'm so excited about this üôè
    And MS is also thinking about authorship _of_ The Turing Way so good to make sure those sections are harmonised.
  * And FN?
* SSI interview

#### What did you struggle with?

* All ok!

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Helping students to get more into the project.
* Community manager stuff! - keeping my beady eyes on all! üëÄ
  * KW: üëÄüëÄüëÄüëÄüëÄüëÄ üòâ üíù
* Starting to write up the DSG writing course.
* AI UK.
  * KW: Great stuff!

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Database progress needs checking - I think there still might be an issue with a missing column.
  * KW: I'll chase.
* Project PRs for merging? #358 - ucl safe haven guide and #357 - Louises writing guide.
  * KW: #358 feels like something HM can check -- needs to be the same as the final version in the DLAs
  * KW: #357 I'll have a read of that ‚úîÔ∏è Please chase me early next week (I'll likely do it during AIUK)
* Please look at Georgia mentoring session PR so I can merge it.

KW: Just great work again - thank you so much!

### Date: 10th March 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

* Sorted out the github tangle for GA and we had a mentor meeting.
* Helping MS to plan CW21 Turing Way session.
  * KW: SO EXCITED for Project Design work!!! üå†
* Set up a folder on project repository for ED - trying to take this extra work of uploading and formatting resources off him so he can concentrate on the the database.
  * KW: Great - thank you!

#### Who helped you this week?

* ME - helpful discussion about medications and also about standardisation of data.
  * KW: I LOVE THIS SO MUCH üòç

#### What did you achieve?

* Organised myself for community manager communications - monthly newsletter, helpful video link emails, onboarding emails, announcements for new resources such as meeting notes.
  Slack and email.
  Archive newsletters in Github.
  * KW: So beautiful! üå†
* Communicating with team members - LY, SG and IB to get updates.
  IB - the literature review shows lack of studies in this area and not focused on in bigger cohorts - will add this to the knowledge share coming up.
  LY - communicating about medications.
  * KW: REALLY great - so glad we're starting to get a few more conversations going.
* Organised project meeting schedule - clinicians have agreed to do expert session, ethics to move date.
* Binder workshop talk and help.
* Chat with RG about authorship.
* Progress of guide to communication - adding to issue in github repo of interviews/case studies, taking out open phrasing and adding in first drafts of the authorship/contributor section of the guide.

#### What did you struggle with?

* All ok.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* More project community manager stuff - starting next newsletter, planning meeting schedule for May, keeping in touch with teams.
* Working on authorship section of Turing way communication guide and start paper writing section.
* Will link up with DP for Turing way onboarding chat.

These all look fantastic - thank you!

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Lab blog - did a PR.
  * KW: YES!! AAAAAH!
* PRs for mentor meetings.

### Date: 24 February 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

* Mentor meeting with GA - talked about Autism in general, being a community manager and also I tried helping with GH (we merged the most recent PR but can we just delete the rest? as a total tangle).
  * KW: Yes - if you can confirm that the content is merged then go ahead and close the left over PRs :white_check_mark:
* Helped KW with Exec presentation slides.
  * KW: YES! Thank you!
* Helped SG with a bug in her Binder workshop -- next Wednesday 50 people signed up!
  * KW: GREAT! :star2::star2::star2:

#### Who helped you this week?

* MS - helped me with a template for the lab blog.
  * KW: Exciting!
* SG - checked over my slides.
  * KW: Great stuff!

#### What did you achieve?

* Finished the project intro powerpoint and notes.
* Made my first binder repo/my binder thingy - not sure the right term! - and wrote a blog for the upcoming workshop.
* Finished intro to Turing Way pwpt for Binder workshop next week.
* Attended talks for the UKRI ECR forum induction week - there were alot! :dizzy_face:
* Arranged meetings with RG and IB next week.
  * KW: This is super exciting - please let me know how it all goes :sparkles:
* Finished my lab goatherd duties by writing the blog - now needs reviewing and publishing.
  * KW: Super helpful - thank you - I'll have a think about feeding into the template to make this easier.
* Mentor meeting with GA.
* Attended project meetings and wrote up notes.

#### What did you struggle with?

* GA's Github tangle - need to learn how to use from command line for ultimate power :muscle:
  
#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Focus on Turing Way chapter to rework it and continue the first draft including academic paper and authorship sections.
* KW: We also need to have a think about March meetings for the main project.
  * Thank you for the discussion in the meeting today :pray:

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Please can I get access to the repo for the lab blog as I've written it and just needs adding there and reviewing.

#### Any other topics

This space is yours to add to as needed.


### Date: 17 February 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

* I'm Lab Goatherd this week so helped the Whitaker Lab members with all of the lab documentation - chose theme of cool/useful tools/apps and lined up SB to talk about Openminded Duet and Tweetdeck.
  * KW: I'm so delighted :goat:
* Peer mentoring session with ME on tues, also scheduled one with GA on friday.

#### Who helped you this week?

* ME - talking about Health Data. This was very helpful for me as I could ask alot of silly questions!
* HM - helping to review my meeting notes.

KW: What lovely people - I'm so glad :purple_heart:

#### What did you achieve?

* Project intro powerpoint for lab meeting next week - mostly done now as have collated all the info I need and just needs polishing.
* More meeting notes and powerpoint slides on Github.
* Started project team email list notes.
* More connecting with colleagues on project - helping collaboration.
  * KW: Please do ask HM to add you to the DRFs and send request to DTC.
  * KW: I really like your point about how much information is in the previous talks & knowledge shares. Something like a "past presentation of the week" and email around with a bit of a blurb saying this is why you should make sure you've watched it??
* Making more connections for the Guide for Communication - Marta M from Turing way community, case studies for different types of communication are coming in.
* Started to make my own Turing Way Intro powerpoint for SG's Binder workshop.
  * KW: Can you make sure you let AB know about the workshop? TPS newsletter and Turing bulletin.

KW: These are all fantastic!! Great stuff!

#### What did you struggle with?

* All ok.
  * KW: :smiling_face_with_three_hearts:

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Finalising project intro pwpt and also Turing way one for Binder workshop.
  * KW: FAB! (May I have a copy before my presentation to the exec?!)
* UKRI ECR forum induction - we need to speak about this.
  * KW: This sounds so fantastic. Please do wear your Turing Way hat and report back on anything you learn / insights etc :star2:

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Overview of how different teams on project fit in - website and list I have don't connect.
  * KW: Lets chat on slack to check on this! :saurons_eye_emoji: :wink: 
* Checking data flow diagram for project with you.
  * KW: There's a technical paper draft floating around to be honest... ping me on slack to see if I can surface it!
* Student engagement form
  * KW: YESSSS - keep nudging me on this.



### Date: 10 February 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

* I've volunteered to help SG with the SSI Zero to binder workshop - doing the intro to *The Turing Way* talk and helping to run the workshop.
  * KW: Fantastic!
* Helped MS with deciding the layout of the new Turing chapter that she is writing and issue on onboarding new Turing way community members.
  * KW: So so cool! 

#### Who helped you this week?

* HM helped me find some resources that I couldn't find.
* I talked through the Turing Way chapter that I have started writing with MS and LC.

#### What did you achieve?

* Planned out *Turing Way* chapter (Communicating open science) and started a [first draft](https://hackmd.io/z3wbuBKXTQif8-Wd6u6Q0g).
  Also started a plan for [Guide for Communication](https://hackmd.io/VHDWuGcbRWG1GqXuEhgarw) - comments very welcome on that too!
  * KW: Looks spectacular - absolutely fabulous! 
* Went to the *Turing way* collaboration cafe and advertised my new issue for new chapter.
  * KW: So fun! :heart_eyes:
* Linked up colleagues on Slack to the people who could help them and resource on Github.
  * KW: Fab :rocket: :star2:
* Sent out more emails about BIO's and had lots more responses - nearly complete now!
  * KW: Great!
* Made a shared email list for me and HM.
  * KW: EXCELLENT - see comment below about definition in GitHub
* Contacted RG and he sent resources for me to read. He will link me up with colleagues.
  * KW: Coooool!  
* Also going to contact other to get case studies for the Communication guide as personal stories of impact are great!
  * KW: :tada::tada::tada:

#### What did you struggle with?

* Separating off my own personal research time from Turing time.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Continue writing first draft of Turing way chapter.
* Start working on presentation for lab meeting.
* Write up a definition of the different email groups for project somewhere on GitHub.

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Presentation for lab meeting.
  * KW: Also really useful for my presentation to the exec? Can you (ask the teams to help you to) make a slide of each research question?

#### Any other topics

This space is yours to add to as needed.





### Date: [Template]

#### Who did you help this week?

Replace this text with a one/two sentence description of who you helped this week and how.


#### Who helped you this week?

Replace this text with a one/two sentence description of who helped you this week and how.

#### What did you achieve?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of what you achieved this week.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!

#### What did you struggle with?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of where you struggled this week.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of what you would like to work on next week.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!
* Try to estimate how long each task will take.

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of what you need help from Kirstie on.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!
* Try to estimate how long each task will take.

#### Any other topics

This space is yours to add to as needed.
