# Arielle & Patricia Bi-weekly Meetings

**2021**

* [22-02-2021](#Date-22-02-2021)
* [08-03-2021](#Date-08-03-2021)
* [22-03-2021](#Date-22-03-2021)
* [26-04-2021](#Date-26-04-2021)
* [10-05-2021](#Date-10-05-2021)
* [01-06-2021](#Date-01-06-2021)
* [14-06-2021](#Date-14-06-2021)

## Patricia Goals & Aims 
*What skills, support, plans, objectives do you have for your work at the moment? How can these meetings support these?*

* Survive pandemic
* Get service team organised and processes
* Write a project proposal (jupyter notebooks)
* Figure out the informal leadership "thing"

## Template: Date: DD-MM-YYYY

### Patricia's achievements

### Check-in ritual
*(Examples: recognitions (recognize colleagues), sparkling moments (recognize community members), shout-outs)*
(your notes)

## Before this call
**Is there any particular reading/task we said we will do before we meet?**

(reflections/outcomes of the task)

## Agenda and Notes
* Review your current projects, relation and skill-building that you are working on.

(your notes)

* Since last time, review progress you’ve made towards your goals. Any challenges to mention?

(your notes)
* Review if we can attract any attention or help highlight your work.

(your notes)
* Anything else:

(your notes)

## After this call
Is there any particular reading/topic/task we want to explore and bring to our next meetings?

## Date: 22-02-2021

### Patricia's achievements
* Workshop on FAIR software accepted for CollabW21
* Running a workshop to get detailed feedback on the [draft FAIR assessment framework for services](https://www.fairsfair.eu/events/fairness-services-closer-look-fairsfair-framework): good feedback, will need to add examples and further reading to get people started
* Made progress on organising social events for RDA VP17
* We're kicking off our funded project [between DMPonline and TU Delft](https://openworking.wordpress.com/2021/02/22/towards-better-efficiency-integrating-data-management-plans-with-institutional-systems/)
* Spend a lot of time looking into service backlog and time allocated so far and hopefully made a case for another developer :crossed_fingers: 

### Agenda and Notes

* Introduction: what brought us both to the lab
    * AB is project manager for TPS
    * PH is friend of the lab that was part of the Turing Way core team to get it started and then stayed around - current job is Research Data Specialist at the DCC (Uni of Edinburgh)
        * service managing [DMPonline](https://dmponline.dcc.ac.uk/)
        * working on [FAIRsFAIR project](https://www.fairsfair.eu/)
        * Other bits and bobs, such as [hidden REF committee](https://hidden-ref.org/) and [RDA VP17 organising committee](https://www.rd-alliance.org/plenaries/rda-17th-plenary-meeting-edinburgh-virtual)
        
* PH's objectives for 2021
    * Survive pandemic
    * Work on service processes to make service delivery more effective (currently difficult due to vacancy in development team)
    * Lead on writing a project proposal (probably on computational notebook preservation)
    * Work on leadership skills (service team, project proposals)

* Common themes
    * project management
    * community management
    * leadership

### After this call
Is there any particular reading/topic/task we want to explore and bring to our next meetings?
* PH to create a reading list 
* Reading for next week: https://scholar.valpo.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1316&context=jvbl

## Date: 08-03-2021

### Patricia's achievements
* attended the [DPC Advocacy and Community Engagement Sub-Committee](https://www.dpconline.org/about/governance)
    * will join a follow up meeting to see if [BitList update](https://www.dpconline.org/digipres/champion-digital-preservation/bit-list) can learn from Turing Way processes
    * some of this made a really good case for the proposal idea around preserving computational notebooks that's not progressing (lack of time and no deadline)
* finalised [blog](https://www.dcc.ac.uk/blog/dmponline-cdl-annual-planning-meeting-during-covid) on strategic meeting about our open source project and roadmap for 2021
* got lost in ceilidh dances and Scottish recipes for social events
* joined a workshop trying to [define research software](https://www.rd-alliance.org/group/fair-research-software-fair4rs-wg/post/fair4rs-research-software-definition-workshop) which almost made my brain explode 

### Check-in ritual
* Slack back channels for events and other conversations - so my colleagues and friends on there :heart: 

## Before this call
**Is there any particular reading/task we said we will do before we meet?**

* Similar to the Open Research discussion - how do we change the wider system to make this work? 
    * change assessment criteria 
    * how do we prepare people for things that are hard to cover in a traditional training? 

* how not to be cynical about how little has moved so far and how much change is dependent on individuals? 

## Agenda and Notes
* Review your current projects, relation and skill-building that you are working on.

    * preparing some planning to hire a developer - first proper hiring/interviewing process 
    
* Since last time, review progress you’ve made towards your goals. Any challenges to mention?

    * our upgrade highlighted quite a few issues in our deployment process and treatment of GitHub branches - while I like getting those processes aligned, it adds to the current pressure; investigating ways to compensate clients in the meantime

* Review if we can attract any attention or help highlight your work.

    * ideas where to post the developer job

## After this call
Is there any particular reading/topic/task we want to explore and bring to our next meetings?
* Lazy consensus: http://nowviskie.org/2012/lazy-consensus/

## Date: 22-03-2021

### Patricia's achievements
* was reviewer on SSI Fellowship 2021 selection call
* Attended RDAP summit 2021 and [blogged](https://t.co/YntWO7f5ou) about it timely which is really rare!
* Attended a CoC incident reporting workshop - still need to blog
* Made more progress on social events for April conference - it's quite hard and I'm not sure why I volunteered to organise them
* Attended MozFest session on Open Code & Trustworthiness
* Ran our regular monthly service drop-in 
* Explored an interactive board for our current bugs and [blogged](https://www.dcc.ac.uk/blog/new-dashboard-dmponline-issues) about it 
* Tidied the home office 

### Check-in ritual
* Shout out to LC's friend who has been my saviour in progressing some social events stuff that I was super blocked on :heart: 


## Before this call
**Is there any particular reading/task we said we will do before we meet?**

* Read lazy consensus - I've done things wrong in the past :grimacing: and left job if that autonomy wasn't there
* Interesting insight into library politics!
* Works well if you have some autonomy/ all the resources to put the proposal into practice
* Needs time to think through proposals - not a good option when you do need to do fire fighting
* Building concensus/connections in a virtual world is really hard - needs to be an extra effort at the moment


## After this call
Is there any particular reading/topic/task we want to explore and bring to our next meetings?
* move next meeting due to Easter?
* Reading: 
    * Preparing for the world after COVID-19: leadership lessons from crises and discontinuous change: https://blogs.lse.ac.uk/businessreview/2021/01/26/preparing-for-the-world-after-covid-19-lessons-for-leaders-from-crises-and-discontinuous-change/


## Date: 26-04-2021

### Patricia's achievements
* attended and ran workshop at CollabW21
* somehow won second prize in the hackathon for https://coding-confessions.github.io/
* prepared and supported the delivery of our big conference 
* social events were a success and even somehow fun - glad people enjoyed it

### Check-in ritual
*(Examples: recognitions (recognize colleagues), sparkling moments (recognize community members), shout-outs)*
* My colleague Alex did all the work for the conference and I have no idea how she did it.
    * AMAZING

## Before this call
**Is there any particular reading/task we said we will do before we meet?**

Yes, and I haven't read it yet :(

## Agenda and Notes
* Review your current projects, relation and skill-building that you are working on.

    * reviving my SSI fellowship idea of analysing/exploring the relationship/collaboration between data managers and research software engineers 
        * needs still proper plotting out, but glad there will be time/demand for this 

* Since last time, review progress you’ve made towards your goals. Any challenges to mention?

    * No update on the recruitment of our developer job and it gets really frustrating as the workload is too much to handle for the team and there's no real end in sight

* Review if we can attract any attention or help highlight your work.

    * shout outs to the Hidden REF as we're getting close to submission deadline. Haven't managed to contribute that much in the last few weeks, so need to follow up on that
       * PH will attend TPS coffee on 6 May for some Q & A and promotion   

## Date: 10-05-2021

### Patricia's achievements
* brainstormed and organised a user group for our DMPonline service
* a lot of prep work for a series of workshops the FAIRsFAIR project is delivering over the next few weeks (reviewing certifcation applications for data repositories)
* Talked about HiddenREF at TPS coffee - thank you for the invite
* voted and it felt great :hibiscus: :ballot_box_with_ballot: 
* AB: these are all brilliant! :sparkles: feel you on the ticking stuff off the list :) 

### Check-in ritual
* Shout out to ladies from my team for a rant that was good (not really making any progress, but just the discussion helped)
    * AB: YES to awesome ladies! 

### Before this call
**Is there any particular reading/task we said we will do before we meet?**

* it was very business focused - limited application to university situation
* feels like the change worked well if you had/took time to reflect and/or experiment
    * felt like time to do that was the last thing our team had :sob:
* disagree a bit with the "sore loser" aspect - feel like that ignores the potential for activism
* examples were not necessarily COVID-19 related but kind of change that would have happened anyway -> missing out on the unique situation rather than general change 
* overall a bit underwhelming

## Agenda and Notes
* Review your current projects, relation and skill-building that you are working on.
     * Feels like  a lot of fire-fighting and little active skill building. We do have team away days coming up though I'm unsure what they will focus on (which might be an issue in itself)
     * AB: try speaking to Sarah about the REG away days! (now that you're no longer snowed under with conference work)

* Since last time, review progress you’ve made towards your goals. Any challenges to mention?

    * I think I need to prioritize reading ["non-violent communication"](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Nonviolent-Communication-Language-Life-Guides-dp-189200528X/dp/189200528X/ref=dp_ob_image_bk) - seems like a lot of difficult conversations coming up and some more confidence going into them would probably be good

* Anything else:

    * PH is languishing quite badly

## After this call
Is there any particular reading/topic/task we want to explore and bring to our next meetings?
* PH will read nonviolent communication and update in upcoming meetings :heart: :speech_balloon: 

## Date: 01-06-2021

### Patricia's achievements
* managed a check in with my OLS1 mentee, so good to check in after a year :sparkling_heart: 
* managed to send out some nice things to colleagues - had hoped leadership will pick up on hints but ended up doing it myself to show appreciation (learned that from Kirstie and other folks in the lab)
* finally had a chat with someone around the data stewardship and RSE collaboration idea - got validated, still have to make more progress
    * presentation at a FAIRsFAIR Roadshow tomorrow on the bit of work we have done so far
* anonymised some hidden REF submissions for review, award ceremony planning next :fireworks: 
* raised some points at the away day - still many discussions to be picked up
    * raised some of the ideas that I liked from Sarah's notes, they did not make the agenda this time around

   * AB: These are all awesome! & thank you for my flowers as well, they are beautiful :white_flower: 

### Check-in ritual
* Got a wonderful plant from a colleague which is super cute

## Before this call
**Is there any particular reading/task we said we will do before we meet?**

Summary of nonviolent communication (NVC) chapters 1 - 5:
*    Nonviolence = natural state of compassion
*    NVC helps to clearly articulate what you want
*    Four major steps: observe - feel - need - request
*    Avoids judgement, comparisons etc.
*    Focus is on our own feelings and needs and taking responsibility for them
*    What others do is the stimulus of our feelings NOT the cause
*    Direct expression of needs lead to a higher chance of them being met
*    If you don't value your needs, others may not either.

## Agenda and Notes
* Review your current projects, relation and skill-building that you are working on.

    * not sure if it's a skill, but I'm trying to change my style of note taking in meeting - it seems that some points not written done explicitly get forgotten or misinterpreted, so I'm more explicit in my notes now to avoid missunderstandings   

* Since last time, review progress you’ve made towards your goals. Any challenges to mention?

    * biggest challenge at the moment seems to be me being frustrated, overwhelmed and tired, so I'm looking really forward to a longer break later in June and some hopefully better weather

* Review if we can attract any attention or help highlight your work.

## After this call
Is there any particular reading/topic/task we want to explore and bring to our next meetings?
* PH to read more chapters of NVC 

## Date: 14-06-2021

### Patricia's achievements
* co-facilitated a workshop for FAIRsFAIR at OR2021
* ran a user group for our service - first one in a long while, new format, worked pretty much as we had planned 
* presented to the lab about RDA and the plenary we hosted
* presentation in a webinar will be the last one for a bit - I ran out of energy a bit, so this is quite welcome
* attended several meetings around organising the writing of our project deliverables

### Check-in ritual
* Thanks to the NHS for vaccinating me!

## Before this call
**Is there any particular reading/task we said we will do before we meet?**

Finished NVC:
* Requests should be phrased in positive language and be clear and actionable
* Ask for reflection back to ensure the message has been received
* Empathize with reviewer
* Empathy = respectful understanding of what others are experiencing
* Intellectual understanding and diagnosis block empathy
* Listen for other people's observations, feelings, needs and requests; reflect back and ask if you have understood; don't move on to quickly but make sure people had the chance to say everything they wanted
* If you need empathy to give: breathe and give yourself some empathy, scream, take time out
* Connect with yourself for growth, apply this to yourself and don't self-shame, connect with your own needs and motivations 
* be careful if your motivation is money, approval, fear, shame or guilt or sense of duty
* For anger, same steps apply, others are stimulus not cause
* This takes time and practice
* If you use this in conflict resolution and mediation as 3rd party: most important thing is to create a connection between people
* Appreciation in NVC: compliments are positive judgements, express appreciation to celebrate NOT manipulate
* Say thank you by stating: what the person did, what you felt and how the person's action addressed your needs 

## Agenda and Notes
* Review your current projects, relation and skill-building that you are working on.

	* a colleague started reading NVC, will be interesting to see how we both can put it in practice and support each other

* Since last time, review progress you’ve made towards your goals. Any challenges to mention?

	* doing NVC in practice in conversation is hard! It's okay in writing, but really hard for me in person (I always struggle with difficult conversations in person)
	* most work things still stuck somewhere - job posts still not out

* Review if we can attract any attention or help highlight your work.
	* Nothing at the moment, taking a break to gather energy and plan for autumn

## After this call
Is there any particular reading/topic/task we want to explore and bring to our next meetings?

Will discuss reading list properly next time

## Reading list suggestions


### Blogs
* Lazy consensus: http://nowviskie.org/2012/lazy-consensus/ :heavy_check_mark: 
* Being glue: https://noidea.dog/glue  
* Preparing for the world after COVID-19: leadership lessons from crises and discontinuous change: https://blogs.lse.ac.uk/businessreview/2021/01/26/preparing-for-the-world-after-covid-19-lessons-for-leaders-from-crises-and-discontinuous-change/ :heavy_check_mark: 

### Papers
* The UK higher education senior management survey: a statactivist response to managerialist governance: https://doi.org/10.1080/03075079.2020.1712693

### Books
* Shape up: https://basecamp.com/shapeup

#### On my shelf
* The Culture Map: https://erinmeyer.com/books/the-culture-map/
* Breaking Things at Work: https://www.versobooks.com/books/3184-breaking-things-at-work

#### On my wish list:
* A world Without Email: https://www.calnewport.com/books/a-world-without-email/
