# Check in meetings with Kirstie

*Meetings with Kirstie approximately every 2 weeks*

* [11 August 2021](#date-11-august-2021) 
* [27 July 2021](#date-27-july-2021)
* [30 June 2021](#date-30-june-2021)
* [09 June 2021](#date-09-june-2021)
* [01 June 2021](#date-01-june-2021)
* [28 April 2021](#date-28-april-2021)

### Date 11 August 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

- Found some helpful past GSoC final reports for AR and provided some ideas on the structure
  - KW: The combo looks great - well done!

#### Who helped you this week?

- AB, SB and MS gave me some really good tips in a coffee chat on how to measure success on community building and social media platforms
  - KW: Oh fab! Excited to hear more about that!
- SM reviewed the promotion pack draft and provided some good feedback  
  - KW: Also fab!

#### What did you achieve?

- Newsletter twitter thread for SF's spotlight
  - KW: https://twitter.com/AutSpaces/status/1423588596657840128?s=20
- Planning for gathering evidence for my objectives
- Putting moderation tasks into their own roadmap 
  - KW: Oh, very helpful!
- Promotion pack and FAQs 
  - KW: Very excited for this!
- Good platform development co-working session where JK explained the process of scoping issues and projects to AR/RT/GA
  - KW: Really great - glad that we're sharing that information a little more!
- Had my DTA! Find out my results on the 16th August, fingers crossed for a pass ü§û
  - KW: FINGERS CROSSED! I'm sure you did great ‚ú®

#### What did you struggle with?

- Struggling to concentrate this week!
  - KW: Be gentle with yourself. Shout to the lab if you need co-working motivation... but also its fine if you're a bit spacy sometimes üå∫

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- Impact 1-pager for the project
  - KW: Very cool, let me also link you up with JoS (Turing) - I'm keen for her to see what you're working on re: engagement! 
- Updating the roadmap 
- Github updating
- Planning the talks for both Open Humans (7 Sept) and CC Summit (23 Sept)
  - KW: Looking foward to brainstorming in the meet up

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

- JK access to the link he sent: https://autistica-demo-deployment.herokuapp.com/
- Is there anything that you think would be really good for me to do/get involved with in my last couple of months in this posting? 
  - KW: Presentation to lab on 9 September for promotion pack

### Date 27 July 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

- Getting MB and RT the correct access for Github.
  - KW: Great stuff - note to "protect `main` branch" by requiring PR reviews.
- JS and SF update moderation tasks and making them clearer.
  - KW: Really good - that's super helpful üå†
- SM finding areas for contribution. 
  - KW: So glad! Promotion packs, capturing research / related projects etc.

#### Who helped you this week?

- MS in the last collaboration cafe gave some great ideas on impact pages and culture.
  - KW: ‚ú®‚ú®‚ú® Really glad that you've been engaging with MS and The Turing Way!

#### What did you achieve?

- Co-working session for moderation clarifying the tasks that need to be done and updating JS on what has been going on.
  - KW: FAB!
- Co-working session for Platform Development with BG - good conversation clarifying how the sign up process works with Open Humans.
  - KW: AH SO GREAT! I'm so glad this was helpful!
- Meet-up last week where we had a great discussion on moderation and platform development.
- Newsletter draft for review and send out by the end of this week!
  - KW: Really great to send to SF and SI for review - fantastic to bring in folks into these tasks!
- Assessment prep...
  - KW: GOOOOOOD LUCK! You'll be great!!

#### What did you struggle with?

- Reading through all the moderation summaries! But they were super interesting and give a really good understanding of the reasons for the project.
  - KW: Delighted that you read these! Helpful in general for you to know all the background, but also really helpful for having additional üëÄüëÄüëÄ
- Few blockers for the moderation tasks due to the need for the Ethics approval. This includes sending out the survey for decisions that need to be made to help inform code of conduct and other documents.
  - KW: Lets do this as a focus group instead as we know we have approval for those.
    - I also think we likely don't really _need_ the survey - I think we've actually got SO MUCH already that getting feedback on completed drafts is more useful than asking for more input at this point.
    - Keep rocking on pulling all the work together and we can present the "first final" proposal to the community as a coherent plan.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- Promotion pack for the project
- Impact 1-pager
- Continue mapping out moderation tasks to make what needs to be done clearer
- Twitter thread associated with Newsletter
- Contact similar projects - I've found one project with is very similar regarding sensory processes and Autism!
  - KW: Downstream from the promotion pack? I feel like we need an _ask_ for what they can do for us when we get in touch.
  - If the goal is to connect them better with Autistica then please do that _through_ Bethan at Autistica.

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

- AR only has a few weeks left, how do we want to go about thing's once she is gone... We have a chat with GA later on today :smile_cat:
  - KW: üò¨üò¨üò¨ Looking forward to our chat!

#### Any other topics

- AR is doing great!
  She asked some really good questions in the meeting with Bastian to try and figure out exactly what is needed for the sign-in process and Open Humans integration. 
  - KW: Thank you for feeding back - I'm so glad (we'll miss her!)

### Date 30 June 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

- Found areas for RT to get involed with on Platform Development 
  - KW: Fantastic - I'm really glad üå†
- Worked closely to find an area of contribution with DM
  - KW: Very very cool - that's great to have him contributing into the "research" space üåü
- Helping IA find issues to work on after completing his issue/page development
  - KW: How fantastic - really glad that he's part of the team!
- Co-working on moderation to continue work and provide clarity for both SF and JS
  - KW: Really great - very cool to iterate but we also need to be supporting folks getting a completed first draft, we will always be able to get more feedback...

#### Who helped you this week?

- MS - we had a catch up and went through some ideas for community building and my development, shared the idea of a promotion pack as well as looking for areas to share information about the project.
  - KW: Wonderful üåÑ

#### What did you achieve?

- Set up structure/plan/templates for meet-ups
- Added a few issues around community building - promotion pack
- First draft for DTA written
  - KW: Well done! üí™
- Updated AutSPACEs Roadmap
  - https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/AutisticaCitizenScience/tree/master/project-management/project-roadmap
  - KW: How fantastic!
    Well done! 
- June Newsletter has gone out!
  - KW: Fantastic üíå
  - Can we have a little twitter thread associated with the newsletter?
  - Can we also double check that our contributors (folks who come to meet ups etc) are ON the mailing list?
    - They need to sign up.... and we need to be a bit better at not sending bespoke emails.
- My sub-chapter and case study for roadmapping has been published!!
  - KW: CONGRATULATIONS! FANTASTIC WORK! ‚ú®‚ú®‚ú® üó∫Ô∏èüó∫Ô∏èüó∫Ô∏è
  - https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/project-design/project-repo/project-repo-roadmapping.html
- I was a goatherder for the first time! Enjoyed it but think there are a few things I still need to do!
- Review for SR

#### What did you struggle with?

- Unsure if I struggled with anything this fortnight...? 
- Unsure on how to do the blog for the goatherding...
  - KW: Just write a summary of the hackmd / your links for the week and put it at the bottom of the hackmd for now.
    - Aim for around 500 words total üòÑ
    - Sorry for my lack of time and brain space to tidy up the actual website!

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- Work on the promotion pack
- Handover documents for my two weeks off work
  - KW: Thank you! I think you've left us fantastically well set up! 
- Nothing else as I'll be on leave!! :D 
- I will be logging on to help with AR's review (12-16 July deadline) 
- Also logging on to edit some of my review documents

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

- End Posting Review date to be picked (in September)
  - KW: Done ‚úîÔ∏è
- I have a new Cabinet Office Manager (TDM) who will be running the mid posting chat (8 June) but needs to change the time
  - KW: Done ‚úîÔ∏è
- DTA interview questions - can be moved to when I am back if needed!
  - KW: Lets keep for today - excited to hear more!
- Review for Anoushka
- Need to confirm meeting with Aryav

#### Any other topics

- Milestone 2 is almost complete - most pages have been completed just need reviewing from JK üéâ
  - KW: SO exciting!
- AR is putting the pages all together to create the overall MVP
- AR and SR have been great in helping me guide contributors on what they should do! 
  - KW: Great! Well done to all three of you!
- SR is in her last two weeks on the project, so focusing on ensuring all the work she has done is documented and also looking into literature and research similar to the project.
  - KW: OMG how time flies!

### Date: 09 June 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

* Reviewed some of GA's PRs for the project
* Running through the user flow with developers so that they understand how a user would navigate through the MVP
* Onboarding two potential contributors to the platform development work
  * KW: How exciting! üëã
* AR and SR mentoring and helping with conversations with BGT

#### Who helped you this week?

* GA and SR have been very helpful in discussing what needs to be done next and helping with idea generation on actions. 
* AR has been great in explaining technical aspects and highlighting areas of work. 

#### What did you achieve?

* Set up a co-working session on platform development
* Introduced two new people to project who are interested in Platform development: MB and IA - I ensured that they knew the stage we were in for the project. 
* Roadmap into MD and google doc
* Shared the user flow and roadmap to attendees of the Platform development co-working
* Lots of re-jigging and updates to the github (quite a few PRs have been merged) 

#### What did you struggle with?

* I've struggled with trying to find a good agenda for the meet-up this week.
  I feel like things are quite platform development and project management focused at the moment so trying to find things that fit around that for people who don't have the technical expertise. 
* Also adding images to github pages?! I've tried to follow instruction I have found online and how GA has done it in other pages but it never renders correctly... 
  * KW: Did it üôå - feels good to be able to fix something easily!
  * https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/AutisticaCitizenScience/pull/497

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Setting up more co-working sessions
* More Github refresh 
* Planning out community engagement a bit more!! 
* I need to start also my Development Trajectory Assessment work (Fast Stream stuff) 

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Nothing so far...

#### Any other topics

I think AR and SR are much clearer on what needs to be done platform development wise. 
The main concerns at the moment from their side is how Open Humans will fit into the platform from both a sign up/sign in flow but also how it accounts and stories link up in the database. 
We had a catch up with BG where he explained the sign-up flow so once AR and SR start working on it, I think it will get clearer. 

KW: Not many comments in this doc but a really great conversation - thank you!

### Date: 01 June 2021

#### Who did you help this week? 

- I mapped out the user flow for the MVP platform which will hopefully help AR and SR
- Continuously ensuring less pressure on JK on platform dev side of things 
- Supporting AR and SR from a mentor perspective 
- Set up a moderation co-working session to help SF and JS map out their ideas and work going forward along with GA and SR
- Set DM up on GitHub

#### Who helped you this week?

- Both SR and AR have been really helpful in exaplaining the more technical aspects of development and if things I'm envisioning are possible. 
- GA has been really helpful in setting out the issues and showing me where things are to insert it into the roadmap. 
- AB/MS/EK really helpful during book dash! 

#### What did you achieve?

- Roadmap is basically finalised, just a few more links to add and make it into md for Github purposes
- Mapped out User Flow 
- Facilitated second autspaces meet-up
- Moderation co-working session with GA, SF, JS and SR
- Book dash (feels like ages ago now?!) - Roadmapping chapter, PRs on adding images to pages, picture with Sophie

#### What did you struggle with?

I'm struggling with knowing how to rearrange the github repo to make sure it's intuitive. 
My technologic expertise is impacting how easily this is being down. 
For example, I know what folders I want but unsure which current folders need to be where. 
Trying to work closely with SR on this one - spending a lab co-working session together and working on it.  

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- Finalising roadmap and putting it in to MD
- Github refresh!!! 
- I want to start finding people to try and recruit to help on the project (community building) 
- Organising more co-working sessions (Platform Development specifically for AR and SR to meet with RT and keep him in the loop) 
- Onboard SH (1:1 schedules 10:30 am 02 June) 
- AutSPACEs update at lab meeting (03 June) 

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

- Recommendations on who/where I can start recruiting people to join and work on the project
- Review of roadmap and user flow
  - KW: Great - really fun to lok

#### Any other topics

- AR and SR both doing well! I think the confusion is starting to reduce around what needs to be done now that we have a roadmap and user flow
- Have signed up for goatherding w/c 21 June
  - üêê üå†


### Date: 28 April 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

- I think SR has been the person who I have helped the most this week!
  - KW: That's great.
    - Weekly meetings set up every Monday
    - Chatting on slack etc

#### Who helped you this week?

- MS showed me the Mountain of Engagement which will really help with the AutSPACEs
- KW with my objectives 
- Lab team - ideas on how to measure success for the community integration objective

#### What did you achieve?

- Wrote my objectives and think it was a positive meeting with Esther.
  - KW: I'm glad it went well.
    - Chatted in the meeting about styles of presenting - bullet points & short sentences up top for the win :wink:
  - KW: Please add your objectives to the GitHub repository.
    I made an issue: https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/AutisticaCitizenScience/issues/448
- Good meet up with Autistica and got some good ideas for the onboarding pack.
  - KW: FAB!
    - Have we archived the summary notes in the GitHub repository?
    - Made an issue: https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/AutisticaCitizenScience/issues/447
- Created this github file/folder :D 
  - KW: Wooooo! :stars:
- Good intro chat with JK along with SR and IS

#### What did you struggle with?

My concentration last week was all over the place, so I struggled to finish tasks and get ahead.
However, I have entered "time planning mode" where I block out my time and timetable my days which helps me focus on what I need to get done.
I also include some good breaks to get some life admin done and get away from the desk for like 5 mins as well as a lunchtime run for fresh air. 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- Onboarding Pack
  - Looking into/forming the Mountain of Engagement for AutSPACEs
- Planning out the meet-ups to structure the breakout rooms 
  - KW: Worth considering roles and responsibilities on these - what and WHO do we need to run the breakout rooms
- KW: Have a think about the newsletter, probably as part of onboarding & meet-ups!
  - KW: Chat with MS and EK about how they write newsletters too üò∏
- Meeting BGT for a brainstorming session on how we can increase the Open Humans communuty engagement
  - KW: Brilliant - delighted for you to lead on this work, please invite SR too if you can.

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

- I may need some help on those measures of success for the objectives - I know we put a few of them in the chat but I don't think I can look at the chat after the meeting?
  I dont think would take more than 30 mins of your time maximum.
  - KW: I think the only thing we put in there were the number of subscribers to the newsletter and the number of twitter followers.
    - Newsletter 73 --> 200
    - Twitter 102 --> 300
- Perhaps in our next meeting review of the Mountain of Engagement to ensure it reflects the project
  - KW: Yes - very keen for this - please put a draft into GitHub and ping the link in the Whitaker Lab channel too to get feedback from the team :sparkles:

#### Any other topics

Updates from SR - Weekly Chats:
- She is starting to look into how to use Github to pull out data on Issues being closed and Pull Requests being merged. 
- I have said I will send her a list of requirements of what I envision the Progress Update to look like which will include the above information. 
- We discussed the fact that she successfully downloaded the docker to run the website on Windows, next steps is to look at the issues for areas to work on. 
- She is also looking into how Open Humans and the platform interlink from a data perspective. 

KW: Delighted that you're working so well with SR! 
Let me know if you need help setting up weekly meeting notes like these ones with her, and please remember to use the issues in the two GitHub repositories to track what you're both working on üå†
