# Bi-Weekly Meetings

Georgia's biweekly meeting notes.

* [16 February 2023](#date-16-fevruary-2023)
* [19 January 2023](#date-19-january-2023)

## 16 February 2023

### Who did you help?

* Helped JS by organising a TPS coffee chat with AB to get feedback on AI assurance
  * planning in early March!

### Who helped you? 

* BGT helped me loads with user testing!
* DS helped with budgetting, paying participants, and ethics!
* JS reviewed moderation paper 

### What did you achieve?

* Running user tests (9 done, one more next week)
* Drafted February newsletter
  * has job announcements in, need DMs interview & aproval for announcements from DS
* AI UK planning: agreed on wanting to meet

### What did you struggle with 

* Finding previous work - need to do some filing and organising!
* Zoom challenges
  * in a way good that people who struggle with zoom & their browsers still mostly manage to use AutSPACEs! 

### Where do you need help from Bastian?

* Planning AI UK, CW, and next meet up session
* Reviewing newsletter - check call for graphic designer and co-writer (maybe mostly on DS)

### What would you like to work during the next two weeks?

* Send out notes to users and upload onto GitHub
* Plan out AI UK, SSI CW and coffee chat
* Send February newsletter
* Run March meet-up session
* Potentially: few more user testing rounds (J's & K's connections)

## 19 January 2023

### Who did you help?

* Advocated for AM and SF to have paid work in their skillset, brainstormed options with AutSPACEs team. 

### Who helped you?

* HL and BGT made some amazing progress on the platform which meant it was beautiful and functional and ready to showcase :heart:
* DS helped with figuring out process to pay participants 
* DS, EW, KW and BGT helped lots with planning and prep for the Autistica showcase and talking through the goals and possibilities with Autistica. 

### What did you achieve?

* Showcase for Autistica with BGT
* Progress on phenomenology work
* Review of moderation paper, adding additional detail in appendix, co-working with SF and JS.
* Co-working on funding participants with DS and BGT
* Brainstorming AI UK ideas with DS and BGT
* Completed Bob's business modules 
* Refining objectives after KW review

### What did you struggle with?

* Some anxiety around high stakes meetings but they went well!
* Cezanne muddles 

### Where do you need help from Bastian?

* Planning AI UK
* Review revised objectives
* Community involvement next steps
* Initial brainstorming around ways of inviting Autistica to Turing 

### What would you like to work during the next two weeks?

* January newsletter
* Planning for February meet-up session
* Confirm payment/timings for AM and SF
* Send ideas for participatory practice to phenomenology group
* Submit revised objectives
* Co-working on moderation paper





