# Weekly Meetings

Georgia's biweekly meeting notes.

* [11 May 2022](#date-11-may-2022)
* [23 March 2022](#date-23-march-2022)
* [09 March 2022](#date-09-march-2022)
* [23 February 2022](#date-23-february-2022)
* [09 February 2022](#date-09-february-2022)
* [14 January 2022](#date-14-january-2022)

### Date: 11 May 2022

#### Who did you help this week?

* Helped SB with onboarding (HackMD & sketch of AutSPACEs)

### Who helped you this week?

* SB helped rewrite an abstract for Autistica and start to strategise

#### What did you achieve?

* Submitted reworked abstract for Autistica Festival [#656](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/AutisticaCitizenScience/issues/656)
* Wrote a draft "finishing" report for Autistica [#652](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/AutisticaCitizenScience/issues/652)
* Co-working with SB and IS

#### What did you struggle with?

* Some organisational/strucutral stuff 

#### Where do you need help from Arron? 

* Ethics submissions
* Planninig out timing and priorities
* Performance review prep

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Co-working with SB, IS, and SF (whiteboarding session)
* Prep for Autistica vid/ITAKOM conf?
* Putting together materials for Autistica report with AB and others 

### Date: 23 March 2022

#### Who did you help this week?

* Helped lab by goathearding
  * KW: üêê Thank you!

### Who helped you this week?

* AB helped with funding/payment options
  * KW: Great to loop her in.
* KW helped with particpatory science/and spotlight for newsletter!
  * KW: I think good to get this out without the job ad part...

#### What did you achieve?

* Created slides and prepped for CDEI talk [#647](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/AutisticaCitizenScience/issues/647)
* OLS-5 mentoring 
* More work on AutSPACEs paper (paper 2) [#616](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/AutisticaCitizenScience/issues/616)
  * KW: Stick with the detangling - keep going!
* Biotech workshop was fab/interesting
  * KW: Very cool - thank you for the update.

#### What did you struggle with?

* Slightly stressed to do with non-work stuff 
* Procedural stuff
* Pulling everything together for paper 2
  * KW: üí™ You can do this. 

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Making the most of meet-ups/dev sessions before SB starts
* Data paper
* Best outcome for [CDEI](https://www.gov.uk/government/organisations/centre-for-data-ethics-and-innovation) talk?

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Complete draft of paper 2 finally
* Present on AutSPACEs for CDEI with JS 
* Run meet-up session on Thursday
  * KW: Let make tomorrow the last meet up, but keep 14 April as a "Good luck Kirstie!" session just so we don't rather abruptly finish the sessions!
  * They'll come back in June when SB is in post, but with a clear strategy and link with AIM
* Send out March newsletter and job ad for design work 
  * KW: Looks like job ad might need some more time.... lets just send the newsletter without it for now.

### Date: 09 March 2022

#### Who did you help this week?

* Helped SF with processing feedback 

### Who helped you this week?

* SB, JS, SF, KW and Whitaker lab helped me prep for MozFest. 
* EK helped me with advice for creating application forms.

#### What did you achieve?

* MozFest workshop with SB, JS and SF [#613](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/AutisticaCitizenScience/issues/613)
* Some work on AutSPACEs paper (paper 2) [#616](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/AutisticaCitizenScience/issues/616)
* Applied to Autistica Festival with SB [#612](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/AutisticaCitizenScience/issues/612)
* Draft newsletter [#627](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/AutisticaCitizenScience/issues/627)
* Created job add and form for design work and liaised with Autistica and JW about payment for participants options
* Started OLS-5 mentoring 

#### What did you struggle with?

* Some stress this week
* Didn't get a Feb newsletter out üòû

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Papers
* Strategies for community work 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Papers! - try to get rough draft of paper 2 complete 
* Prep for Presentation with JS (23rd March)

### Date: 23 February 2022

#### Who did you help this week?

* Helped SL with some PRs
* Helped JW with some Turing lecturer ideas

### Who helped you this week?

* RT helped by deploying [AutSPACEs](https://robintaylor.dev/autspacestest/registration)
* SL and SB did repo work

#### What did you achieve?

* Community manager interviews :star2: exciting! 
* Some work on AutSPACEs paper[#616](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/AutisticaCitizenScience/issues/616)
* Finished all my online training on TopDesk üòÖ
* MozFest planning [#613](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/AutisticaCitizenScience/issues/613)

#### What did you struggle with?

* GitHub organisation
* Combining focussed work and upcoming deadlines 

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Lots of team changes - planning for that
* Funding for participants
* AutSPACEs paper structure

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* MozFest
* OLS-5 mentoring upcoming
* Autistica festival submission
* Whiteboarding session with SB? 

### Date: 09 February 2022

#### Who did you help this week? 

* Helped AP with data paper
  * KW: That's great - thank you! üôè

### Who helped you this week?

* SM helped with comments on position paper
  * KW: Really fab
* AP, KW, SB and SL helped take care of AutSPACEs while I was unwell
  * KW: Glad you're feeling better now ü§í

#### What did you achieve? 

* Work on AutSPACEs paper[#616](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/AutisticaCitizenScience/issues/616)
  * KW: OH FUN - great stuff!
* Scoring community manager applications
  * KW: Thank you for turning those around so fast!
* Co-working on code of conduct with JS and SF
  * KW: Glad this is moving forwards
* January newsletter sent
  * KW: üíå
* TPS updates
  * KW: THANK YOU so much for these üôè
* PR for moderation summaries README [#610](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/AutisticaCitizenScience/issues/610)

#### What did you struggle with?

* Covid üòø took me down for a few days and delayed some things
  * KW: URGH - I'm so sorry you were so poorly ü¶†
* Again, found some aspects of focussed collaboration tricky
  * KW: Discussed in the meeting - don't change who you are, but do reach out to others who can help, and hold your own boundaries :yellow_heart:
* Dev sessions
  * KW: Please can we discuss this next time we meet - I think they probably have to go / be more fundamentally adapted to be honest.

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Papers
  * KW: Chatted a bit - but lets discuss more next time.
* Applicants/interviews
  * KW: Very helpful conversation - thank you üôè
* Autistica festival and MozFest planning
  * KW: We didn't get to this...

### What would you like to work on next week?

* Autistica festival application and MozFest planning
  * KW: Can you ping me on slack with some deadlines - I'm sorry we didn't get to chat about these?
* Prepare for presentation with JS
* Papers

### Date: 14 January 2022

#### Who did you help this week? 

* Helped SL by reviewing work and making suggestions

#### Who helped you this week?

* AP helped with the meet-up session and note-taking

#### What did you achieve?

* Wrote Copy for the AutSPACEs platform [#209](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/AutSPACEs/issues/209)
* Work on AutSPACEs paper
* Co-working via. dev and meet-up sessions
* Work on guidelines [#598](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/AutisticaCitizenScience/issues/598)

#### What did you struggle with?

* Focussed collaboration

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Position paper 
* Help with rough structure for AutSPACEs paper 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Guidelines for sharing on behalf of others with JS and SF
* AutSPACEs paper
* Prepare for presentation with JS
* Public Engagement training workshop
