# Weekly Meetings

Georgia's biweekly meeting notes.

* [11 August 2023](#date-11-august-2023)
* [28 July 2023](#date-28-july-2023)
* [03 July 2023](#date-03-july-2023)
* [16 June 2023](#date-16-june-2023)
* [12 May 2023](#date-12-may-2023)
* [02 May 2023](#date-02-may-2023)
* [30 March 2023](#date-30-march-2023)
* [16 March 2023](#date-16-march-2023)
* [02 March 2023](#date-02-march-2023)
* [02 February 2023](#date-02-february-2023)
* [19 January 2023](#date-19-january-2023)

### Date: 11 August 2023

#### Who did you help this week?

* Helped AB by sharing resources and tips for working with autistic people

#### Who helped you this week?

* BGT and HD helped me troubleshoot running platform locally

#### What did you achieve?

* Meet-up session hosting and presentation
* Presentation for PPIE call
* Got platform running locally (again)
* Brainstorming for user test scheduling (https://hackmd.io/ssk6U9ijRkeNDMRSBf86Gg)
* Suggested changes to platform copy (https://hackmd.io/hgpf6pRDS1OpCcl5er046w)
* Reviewed post-project report for Autistica

#### What did you struggle with?

* Meds are a little sedating so not fully on form

#### Where do you need help from Bastian?

* User testing schedule and recruitment plans
* Planning next steps 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Co-working with JS and SF to brainstorm plans for the webinar
* Set up meeting with AG and dev team to discuss user testing
* Implement copy changes to platform

### Date: 28 July 2023

#### Who did you help this week?

* Helped SF think through payment options
* Helped JP - contributed to policy for paying participants 

#### Who helped you this week?

* OO did a wonderful spotlight interview for the newsletter
* AG gave really useful feedback on user testing ideas

#### What did you achieve?

* Sent out July newsletter
* Created moderation paper presentation slides with BGT
* Made some progress with payment options and policy 
* Made a draft plan of user testing session
* Planned August meet-up and [created Google doc and agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hr5HedTQDGlwD2v70JGyqNXlZJtm8ec028rEFMDU3gM/edit)
* We got ethics approval and pre-print published!! (Awesome team efforts!)

#### What did you struggle with?

* I was ill a couple of weeks ago :(

#### Where do you need help from Bastian?

* Going through presentation and making a final version
* Making concrete user testing plans and starting process of recruitment

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Adding AG's comments on user testing to GH 
* Send out calendar invite / reminder for meetup session on Monday
* Public involvement payment policy & process - meeting with team, support progress
  * Meet with SS to discuss SSI grant use
* Co-working on moderation presentation
* PPIE community call presentation
* Run meet-up session and deliver presentation
* Finalise user testing plan including funding
* Recruit for and arrange user testing sessions
* review post-project report for Autistica

### Date: 03 July 2023

#### Who did you help this week?

* Helped EK and LGBTQ+ working group by facilitating for roundtable 

#### Who helped you this week?

* AHN helped me get set up with a new computer!
* BGT helped me with planning for user testing and onboarding AG

#### What did you achieve?

* Graduated from SSI code mentorship programme and presented lightning talk
* Facilitated for the pride roundtable
* Completed all the Bob's business courses
* June newsletter sent out
* Moderation paper abstract
* Met with AG and helped plan future collaboration
* Worked on user testing strategy
* Created google doc and agenda for July community meet-up

#### What did you struggle with?

* Computer woes
* Behind on Geekbot

#### Where do you need help from Bastian?

* Payment options for collaborators
* Planning out next priorities 
* Potentially a whole lot of password reminders over the coming days
* Who else from C*Sci 2023 should I reach out to?
* Engagement strategies 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Email invites to meet-up / Bastian will share spreadsheet
* July meet-up session
* Compile list of relevant C\*Sci contacts
* Planning user testing more esp. in terms of community outreach
* Co-working with Isla and dev team
* Anything I can do to help with payment options? 

### Date: 16 June 2023

#### Who did you help this week?

* Volunteered to facilitate for the LGBTQ+ Network group meeting

#### Who helped you this week?

* SSI mentor helped me with Quarto/VSCode/GitHub integration
* TPS team helped with user testing planning

#### What did you achieve?

* Created abstract for moderation paper
* Built a basic website using Quarto and worked through most of CSS course 
* Created an initial user testing plan
* Submitted amended ethics response

#### What did you struggle with?

* Still haven't done my Cezaanne courses! :/

#### Where do you need help from Bastian?

* Helping cut down/edit abstract and to preprint moderation paper

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Complete online Cezanne courses
* Send out June newsletter
* Prepare July meetup
* Release pre-print of moderation paper
* Getting in touch with and onboarding AG
* Completing Quarto website
* Producing lightning talk for SSI


### Date: 12 May 2023

#### Who did you help this week?

* Responded to QS and issues via. Geekbot

#### Who helped you this week?

* IS helped with coding challenges for AutSPACEs
* DS, BGT, and DC helped with travel booking for conference

#### What did you achieve?

* Created poster for conference
* Co-working on platform
* May meet-up session
* Learned lots from collaboration workshop
* Made a start with BGT on responding to ethics review 
* Booked travel for conference
* Mentorship meeting for SSI

#### What did you struggle with?

* Finance options for participants

#### Where do you need help from Bastian?

* Review of poster presentation

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Finalise and submit poster and presentation for conference
* Respond to ethics review
* Send May newsletter
* Prepare for June meet-up
* Draft of objectives

### Date: 02 May 2023

#### Who did you help this week?

* Helped EZ, SB and MF to facilitate for the AIM-RSF conference

#### Who helped you this week?

* JH gave me my first mentoring session

#### What did you achieve?

* Presentation for phenomenology workshop
* AutSPACEs quarterly report
* Sent out April newsletter
* More work on moderation paper (and sent to KW)
* Co-working on implementing moderation to platform and wrote copy
* Reconnecting with AutSPACEs collaborators  

#### What did you struggle with?

* Travel expenses - going round in circles :/ 

#### Where do you need help from Bastian?

* Booking for C*Sci 2023
* Review poster for poster presentation

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Complete poster
  * Deadline is 14th of May for upload of poster
  * Q: Does it need to be printed as well or only digital? 
  * Might get answer to that tomorrow at poster info session
* Book travel for C*Sci 2023
  * BGT: top prio given time constraints
* SSI collaborations workshop
* May meet-up session
  * HD will present platform updates through screen sharing
  * Topics to get feedback on? 
    * Moderation as implemented in platform (both policy and interaction with moderation) 
    * General updates on conferences etc. 


### Date: 30 March 2023

#### Who did you help this week?

* Helped KW brainstorm ideas for showing the value of reproducibility 

#### Who helped you this week?

* BGT helped with the risk register and newsletter 

#### What did you achieve?

* Sent out March Newsletter
* Made progress on moderation paper
* Sent second draft of risk register
* Learned lots from MozFest and AI UK

#### What did you struggle with?

* Integrating sections into moderation paper

#### Where do you need help from Bastian?

* Moderation paper
  * Bastian to review before Friday meeting

#### Outstanding tasks for this week
* Add newsletter to AutSPACEs GH repo
* Start semi-annual reporting  

#### What would you like to work on next week?

1. Start work on semi-annual reporting, Deadline April 28
2. AutSPACEs risk assessment meeting and update based on feedback
3. Complete first draft of moderation paper
4. Begin planning for C*Sci conference

### Date: 16 March 2023

#### Who did you help this week?

* Helped PH run through TTW presentation

#### Who helped you this week?

* AB helped me think about meeting prep in lab meeting

#### What did you achieve?

* Drafted safe guarding risk register and studied policy 
* Work on moderation paper
* Draft copy on modertaion for platform
* Objectives

#### What did you struggle with?

* Some elements of safeguarding policy were tricky - meeting was helpful

#### Where do you need help from Bastian?

* Still feel blocked in terms of paying participants

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Second draft of risk register
* More work on moderation paper
* AI UK! & MozFest

### Date: 02 March 2023

#### Who helped you this week?

* AutSPACEs team supported project while I was away

#### What did you achieve?

* Catching up after leave
* Applied for SSI coding mentorship
* AutSPACEs meet-up session
* Finished Bob's business modules

#### What did you struggle with?

* Jetlag 
* Keeping on top of things!
  * hard to keep attention, e.g. making errors in newsletter, not reading emails in enough detail to see deadlines. 
  * potentially planning on having less open ended tasks to better structure work 

#### Where do you need help from Bastian?

* Updates
  * Met up with Autistica
  * Platform work is ongoing and making good progress with Helen & Bastian working on it
  * Drafting of moderation paper is on-going, meetings now on Fridays so James can participate
* Priority setting
* Objectives

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Objectives
* Moderation paper
  * Going through open questions re: moderation co-creation
* Texts for explaining moderation for the platform itself
* SSI fellowship

### Date: 02 February 2023

#### Who did you help this week?

* Helped LC and AS at SSI 

#### Who helped you this week?

* CM helped by presenting platform at meeting

#### What did you achieve?

* Co-working with BGT and KW
* SSI inauguration
* Presented seminar
* Meet-up session
* Repo refresh

#### What did you struggle with?

* Ethics submission

#### Where do you need help from Bastian?

* Ethics and leave

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Wrapping everything up before Australia holiday 

##### Action items before leave: 

* Share invite list for next community meeting with Bastian
* Email Bastian, James & Susanna re: moderation meetings during leave
* Email Sue about no AI UK
* Set Bastian as OOO contact
* Pack bags ;-) 


### Date: 19 January 2023

#### Who did you help this week?

* Helped SF with paper

#### Who helped you this week?

* IS and HD helped with platform development

#### What did you achieve?

* Meet-up session for AutSPACEs
* Podcast
* Slides for seminar
* Methods section of moderation paper
* Podcast

#### What did you struggle with?

* Repo

#### Where do you need help from Bastian?

* Engagement strategies
* Repo

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* January newsletter
* More on moderation paper
* SSI inauguration
* Citizen science conference submission (with BGT)
* Plan next meet-up session
