# Weekly planning sessions 

Notes from Georgia and Bastian's weekly planning sessions 

* [18 December 2023](#18-december-2023)
* [23 October 2023](#23-october-2023)
* [19 October 2023](#19-october-2023)
* [10 0ctober 2023](#10-october-2023)
* [02 October 2023](#02-october-2023)
* [26 September 2023](#26-september-2023)
* [04 September 2023](#04-september-2023)
* [21 August 2023](#21-august-2023)
* [08 August 2023](#08-august-2023)
* [27 July 2023](#27-july-2023)
* [18 July 2023](#18-july-2023)
* [13 July 2023](#13-july-2023)
* [26 June 2023](#date-26-june-2023)
* [19 June 2023](#date-19-june-2023)
* [12 June 2023](#date-12-june-2023)
* [15 May 2023](#date-15-may-2023)
* [09 May 2023](#date-09-may-2023)
* [24 April 2023](#date-24-april-2023)
* [03 April 2023](#date-03-april-2023)
* [27 March 2023](#date-27-march-2023)
* [20 March 2023](#date-20-march-2023)
* [06 March 2023](#date-06-march-2023)
* [23 January 2023](#date-23-january-2023)
* [18 January 2023](#date-18-january-2023)
* [09 January 2023](#date-09-january-2023)
* [12 December 2022](#date-12-december-2022)
* [28 November 2022](#date-28-november-2022)

### Date 18 December 2023

* Send December newsletter
* Meet up with AM - plan ask for co-writing
* Co-working HL and BGT
* Nesta workshop
* Wrap up before holidays 🎁

### Date 23 October 2023

* Plan out NHS presentation
* Reminder existing user test participants for vouchers
* Plan November meet-up session
  * Meet with SF and BGT to discuss user testing analysis
* Chose someone to be spotlighted in the October newsletter (potentially a previous user tester who was interested in further collab)
* Write October newsletter
  * poster for conference https://zenodo.org/records/10034307 
* Make new SSI LowFAT entry for more user testing
  * https://hackmd.io/U0-xEhrcROSpein4RvBICw
  * Ready to submit for GA & BGT! 🚀

### Date 19 October 2023

Short-term planning:
* Send reminders to people who haven't yet confirmed vouchers or consensted to demographic data use 
* Chose someone to be spotlighted in the October newsletter (potentially a previous user tester who was interested in further collab)
* Write October newsletter
* Plan November meet-up session
* Make new SSI LowFAT entry for more user testing
* Organise meeting with MP about future collaborations (potentially longer-term)

Longer-term (while Bastian is gone in November, from November 9 to December 6 incl):
* Ethics submission with DS
* November newsletter (find contributor, draft & send). DS can help with feedback on draft
* December meet-up planning
* TTW chapter: Co-working with JS
* Improve platform copy
  * Begin process of finding/recruiting co-author for platform copy
  * Ultimately: PR for platform copy
* (Start to plan next wave of user testing)

### Date 10 October 2023

* Work on copy for platform
* Support DS with ethics submission
* Start work on TTW chapter
  * Considering outline, following up with JS for his existing work unless we can find it in GH
* If feedback/edit requests: work on book chapter for JG & NS 

Currently blocking/waiting:   
* Explore options for co-writer of copy for platform
  * Would make sense to work with someone autistic for a more collective voice (e.g. "they" vs. "we" when talking about autistic people)
  * who could be someone co-writing this? would SSI be able to fund this? open Q for once we have the vouchers (see below) 
* Email user test participants with vouchers and request to use demographic info
  * Vouchers still stalled with SSI, BGT pinged SSI again
* Update user testing notes
  * waiting on vouchers 

### Date 02 October 2023

* Co-working with JS and SF to run through Autistica webinar
* Work with DS on ethics submission
* Present webinar
* Finish PR for notes from user testing session and submit
  * Adding Tom's notes
  * Proofread, add ToC etc
* Reach out to participants to see if they would be happy with demographic info being connected to their responses 
* Respond to review of existing PR for platform copy
* Facilitate meet-up session on Thursday 
* Finish objectives and discuss with Bastian on Friday
* Book chapter with Bastian
  * draft document: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bYI9sfOWj_FOV3FtQTqh1mILJL7qcMwijMM2e_K7Bgs/edit?usp=sharing
  * Georgia will contribute on Fri morning, adding the "concrete examples" section
  * catch-up with Bastian on Fri afternoon

### Date 26 September 2023

#### Updates from Bastian's leave
* User testing follow-ups: 
  * Sending out user testing notes and publishing them with approval, Ideally sending out asap next week (Sep 11-15)
    * All sent out, got some requests for changes, only waiting for one last approval
    * BGT: Noticed that there's only generalized demographics, not deidentified "groupings" per participant. Should we reach out to participants and ask if we can give gender, age range (instead of actual age), relation to autism?
  * Maybe "quick" review of the videos to check if something was missed
    *  Potential quotes: understanding of the platform, value of autistic input being recognized, thought we put into moderation, thought of anonymity/privacy/data protection, "wording makes me feel safe", "being on the side of autistic people" (and also some of the issues people identified)
      * done the quotes and added to PR above (already approved from participants)
*  checked in with SSI re vouchers, no response yet
* Autistica Webinar
  * collected slides
  * JS confirmed being able to attend
  * investigated doing interactive elements through Slido
* Work on TReX application with DS
  * compiled & sent DS existing information, DS compiled TREx documents 
* Drafted newsletter & asked DS for spotlight

#### To-Do Week 25-30 September
* Prepare Autistica webinar
 *  reach out to SF
 *  schedule meeting with presenters
* Planning October meet-up session
* Send September newsletter
* Review ECSA abstract: https://hackmd.io/43xaesx8TE6VZhkVLcio_A 
* Complete objectives & discuss with Bastian on Friday
* Add ethics information (existing user testing approval submission)
* Co-working with dev team
  * PR for user tests to put everything into GitHub

### Date 04 September 2023

* Respond to applicants and arrange first wave of user testing
* PPIE talk
* Run meet-up session
* Co-working on Autistica webinar with SF and JS
* Any adjusdtements to PR after review

### Date 21 August 2023

* Plan out August meet-up session and send reminder email
  * chat about story vs experience terminology
  * progress from dev team 
* Send out August newsletter, topics:
  *  Ask people to email us if they wanna participate in user testing (ideally people who aren't regulars at meetups)
  *  Ask AG if they'd be happy to be a contributor spotlight, DS as potential backup, BA as 2nd backup?
  *  Recording of PPIE meet-up talk 
  *  Next meet-up 
* Co-working with JS and SF to brainstorm plans for the webinar
* PR for platform copy 

### Date 08 August 2023

* Review Autistica report
* Get platform running on local computer
* Work on copy for platform
* Create schedule for user testing sessions
* Draft presentation for Autistica webinar: check with susanna & james if they are interested in it 

### Date 27 July 2023

* Public involvement payment policy & process - meeting with team, support progress 
* Co-working on moderation presentation
* Run meet-up session and deliver presentation (potentially also for PPIE community call)
* Meet with SS to discuss SSI grant use
* Finalise user testing plan including funding
* Recruit for and arrange user testing sessions

### Date 18 July 2023

* Create presentation on moderation paper with James and Susanna
  * James will be there, Susanna maybe. Can plan on Friday!
* Send out newsletter
  * Send out on Monday (24th of July)
  * BGT to read draft before
* Create a draft targetted user testing session plan
  * Planning on Thu morning 
* Get in touch with AG
  * Check in end of week
* Formalise a potential contracted role for SF and set up a meeting
  *  Vouchers would work best for SF
  *  Figure out process for inside Turing -> Asking DS for whom to ask :D
  *  Get in touch with SSI for voucher options for study participants in user testing
    *  GA will draft email, BGT & GA to email together 

### Date 13 July 2023

* Draft July newsletter
  * Moderation paper published + will be next month's topic of conversation at meetup
  * Interview / new team member
  * Bastian at BOSC conference (slides/video)
  * (maybe user testing if we can start)
* Plan out August meet-up session
  * Talk/presentation on moderation paper
  * (demo updates of REG)
* Catch up with Geekbot replies
* Suggested list of specific tasks for user testing
* Make edits to policy on payment options
* Formalise a potential contracted role for SF and set up a meeting
  * Talk to SF first to see what limitations she might have

### Date 26 June 2023

* Code mentor meeting
* Co-working on AutSPACEs 
* SSI graduation and lightning-talk (Wednesday! 🎉)
* Facilite Pride network meeting
* Complete Quarto website
* Meeting with AG
* Bigger picture: Which features/things do we want to user-test for AutSPACEs (which tasks do we give participants for think-out-loud tasks)
  * Maybe organise meeting with KK for how she did it in her PhD

### Date 19 June 2023

* Send out June newsletter
* Prepare July meetup
* Release pre-print of moderation paper
* Getting in touch with and onboarding AG
* Completing Quarto website
* Producing lightning talk for SSI

### Date 12 June 2023

* Write 250 word abstract for moderation paper
* Send Bastian documents on paying SF for design work
* Turing required training 
* Build website using Quarto with SSI mentor
* Send out June newsletter
  *  Make GH issue and request feedback/input on topics
  *  Contributor spotlight: David (or Andrea but probably after joining :D)
* Plan for July meet-up session
  *  Make GH issue and request feedback/input on topics
  *  Invite some of C\*Sci conference participants
* Co-working on moderation paper 
  * Send reminder to Susanna & James / find time that works 
* Plan out some user testing and engagement options for testing the platform
  * Questions to think about: Which features do we want to test/with which priority? Which demographics do we want to test with (gender, age, autistic adult/caretaker, new to project or existing community member, researchers? …) 
  * Try to find time with Kirstie to agree on those aspects of what/how to test


### Date 15 May 2023

* Respond to ethics review
* Work with mentor on AutSPACEs
* Draft appraisal via. Cezanne

### Date 09 May 2023

* Send responses to ethics application
  * Need to find the responses in existing documentation as much as possible. 
  * Regarding representation: Autistica picked diverse groups in the past, but currently just volunteer-based. 
  * GA to make a Google Doc with review questions to collate the responses and existing information 
* Attend poster peer review session on Thursday and iterate poster design
  * Draft at https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1YiHFNzCA1TTBdswnCixtgcdvDpfOOeHU/edit#slide=id.p1 
* Practice presenting poster
* Upload poster to online platform
* Start on annual review
  * Due end of May 
* Co-working on platform and moderation

### Date 24 April 2023

* Deliver [presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/13R0qqtmH55LsZyTjWlzO_dGQ4UVMpCV7YDEjsH8_NGM/edit?usp=sharing) with BGT on Tuesday 25 April for phenomenology working group
* Create a poster presentation for [C*Sci 2023](https://citizenscience.org/home/events/conferences/csci-2023/)
* Help facilitate AIM RSF Workshop
* Send out April newsletter
  * Waiting for interview/contributor spotlight, otherwise mostly drafted
* Help organise and facilitate May meet-up session
  * Probably will be facilitated by GA & BGT
* Incorporaate any recommendations from KW for moderation paper
  * sent to Kirstie, but will be busy with AIM-RSF conference

### Date 03 April 2023

* Write a draft of the [semi-annual report](https://thealanturininstitute-my.sharepoint.com/:w:/g/personal/bgreshaketzovaras_turing_ac_uk/EeKQSutQI2hMmSs5326kB58BP9mxg2d6jNpZE8a6T2Ootg?e=xVpqUN), by 6th April (Deadline April 28) 
   * Reporting period: 1 October, 2022 to 31 March 2023.
* Prepare for the C\*Sci conference and register/book travel
   * focus on registration payment & travel booking, check-in with Arielle 
* Ask JG for input on presentation: how long? what to focus on? who else could join as ND participants?
* Edit moderation paper 
   
**Planning for rest of the weeks of April:**

* Week 10-14 April 
   * Moderation paper: 
      * Sharing with KW for her input & feedback 
      * Continue editing based on KW input & susanna/james
   * Semi-annual report: Share with Arielle, potential edits based on feedback
   * Work with REG for getting moderation guidelines into MVP (if possible and all other MVP things done :D)
* Week 17-21 April 
   * Prepare presentation/talk for event with JG (on April 25)
      * Bastian can share his CSVconf slides incl. AutSPACEs screenshots 
   * SSI fellowship: mentorship program
   * Prepare Newsletter/next community meet-up

**Goals for until Bastian is back:**
* Share moderation paper with KW 
* Have a semi-annual report shared with Arielle 
* Presentation for JG event
* Draft newsletter/community meet-up plan

### Date 27 March 2023

* [Complete moderation paper first draft](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q4a6M_SSt80e7TM-p0zflpjr00f1XZFqoz3Ks0r3vdQ/edit#)
    * Georgia to write conclusion
    * Bastian to edit the outcomes 
    * Georgia to ask Susanna if she'd like us to draft her notes on reporting on behalf of others 
* Send out March newsletter
    * Georgia to make GH issue once GH works again :D 
    * Topics: 
        * submission to EU Prize for CS 
        * Upcoming conference presentations: Bastian @ CSVconf & Georgia @ C\*Sci
        * Meetup/no meetup 
* Plan for next meet-up session (6th April)
    * Bastian to check with Sophia if we should cancel April given holiday season and potential lack of progress
* AutSPACEs risk assessment meeting and update based on feedback. 
* Additions Bastian: 
    * [semi-annual reporting](https://thealanturininstitute-my.sharepoint.com/:w:/g/personal/bgreshaketzovaras_turing_ac_uk/EeKQSutQI2hMmSs5326kB58BP9mxg2d6jNpZE8a6T2Ootg?e=xVpqUN), Deadline April 28 
    * C\*Sci conference (relating to Kirstie's post on travel)


#### Priorities
1. Newsletter 
2. Moderation paper 
3. Annual reporting

### Date 20 March 2023

* Send AB and KW completed safeguarding risk register
* Complete section of moderation paper
* Participate in MozFest and AI UK sessions

### Date 06 March 2023

* Submit objectives 
* Catch up after leave and organise deadlines
* Add missing quotes from focus groups/workshops to dilemmas in paper
* Arranging potential TPS coffee chats 
* Write a user-friendly explanation of moderation for platform
* Stretch-goal, actual deadline is March 16: Prepare for safeguarding meeting (existing materials vs. now needed ones)

### Date 23 January 2023

* Submit C*Sci abstract by 27th
* Send out January newsletter
* SSI inaugral meeting
* Deliver environments seminar with BGT, HD, and OS
* Repo work with SB and BGT
* Meet-up session
* More work on moderation paper

### Date 18 January 2023

* Neuro Spaces meet-up
* Prepare for environments seminar
* Plan next meet-up session
* Apply for Citizen Science 2023 conference
* Draft January newsletter

### Date 09 January 2023

* Catch up after leave
* Podcast
* Prep for community meet-up and JG visit on Thursday
* Work on moderation paper
* Progress design contract

### Date 12 December 2022

* Enrichment students application
* Christmas newsletter for AutSPACEs
* Moderation paper - complete methodology section
* Wrapping up work before Christmas holidays (aiming to be on leave from 16th December)
* Neuro Spaces meeting?

### Date 28 Novembber 2022

* AI UK exhibition call: https://www.eventsforce.net/turingevents/frontend/reg/tOtherPage.csp?pageID=87652&eventID=242&traceRedir=2
  * deadline Wednesday 30th 5pm
* Fortnightly meet-up sessions and monthly newsletter updates - discuss with SB? 
* Sort out design contract 
* Create skeleton structure for moderation essay
* Jonathan Green - discussion about autism phenomenology 
* Neuro Spaces - organise meeting and discuss 
* DDI impact training
* Neuroscince course final exam
