# Weekly Meetings 2021 

Georgia's weekly meeting notes.

* [27 October 2021](#date-27-october-2021)
* [13 October 2021](#date-13-october-2021)
* [29 September 2021](#date-29-september-2021)
* [01 September 2021](#date-01-september-2021)
* [18 August 2021](#date-18-august-2021)
* [04 August 2021](#date-04-august-2021)
* [07 July 2021](#date-07-july-2021)
* [09 June 2021](#date-09-june-2021)
* [26 May 2021](#date-26-may-2021)
* [11 May 2021](#date-11-may-2021)
* [31 March 2021](#date-31-march-2021)
* [9 March 2021](#date-09-march-2021)
* [25 February 2021](#date-25-february-2021)
* [17 February 2021](#date-17-february-2021)
* [03 February 2021](#date-03-february-2021)
* [20 January 2021](#date-20-january-2021)
* [13 January 2021](#date-13-january-2021)

### Date: 27 October 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

* Helped Whitaker Lab by goathearding üêê
* Helped SL run meet-up session
* Proof-read TPS newsletter for AB 

#### Who helped you this week?

* AP helped with meet-up session

#### What did you achieve?

* Half year report for TPS [#551](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/AutisticaCitizenScience/issues/551)
* Made a "reverse structure" for position paper on Trello: https://trello.com/b/DBL80VR3/method-paper 
* Created a presentation for the lab meeting [#570](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/AutisticaCitizenScience/issues/570)
* Successful application to RRI training  

#### What did you struggle with?

* I accidentally chose an ugly template for my presentation :/
* Feeling tired 

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Prep for call with Autistica 
* Position paper structuring üß†

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* October newsletter
* Moderation work: getting dataset combined and onto GitHub
* Position paper  

### Date: 13 October 2021

* Helped KK with user testing submission
  * KW: I'm really glad that we could bring OS into this process - thank you üôè

#### Who helped you this week?

* SB mentoring was really helpful!
  * KW: Fantastic ‚ú®

#### What did you achieve?

* Completed objectives 
  * KW: These look great - thank you!
* More work on position paper [#247](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/AutisticaCitizenScience/issues/247) 
  * KW: Fantastic - great conversation in the meeting - thank you for talking me through it
* Worked with MS on planning/slides for a SIG presentation [#562](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/AutisticaCitizenScience/issues/562) 
  * KW: Great - that sounds like a great talk - fab ‚úîÔ∏è
* Worked with SB and SL on user testing resources [#560](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/AutisticaCitizenScience/issues/560)
  * KW: Thank you for connecting with SL and welcoming her - great team üå∏

#### What did you struggle with? 

* Structuring paper: lots of inter-relations and entanglements (but that is a positive sign too)
  * KW: Well done digging through the tangles! Sounds like you're making really great progress ‚ú®

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Planning for meeting with JG
  * KW: Please find a time that I can be there too.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Position paper/getting ready to present on the paper to the lab on the 28th
  * KW: This sounds like a great plan - lets also see if we can work together on a post-it style structure for when we next meet on 27 Oct
    * Lab meeting and the structure exercise _sound_ like they're different but they aren't really - your talk can be structured around the subheadings in the paper - and potentially the sentence summaries of each paragraph can be converted to your bullet points in the talk.
* Apply for Turing training in [Responsible Research and Innovation](https://www.eventsforce.net/turingevents/frontend/reg/thome.csp?pageID=43818&eventID=134&traceRedir=2): deadline 20th October
  * KW: Exciting - this will be such a great course!
* TPS report for AutSPACEs [#551](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/AutisticaCitizenScience/issues/551)
  * KW: Thank you for taking this forwards üôè
* Supporting SL in meet-up session
  * KW: Great stuff - thank you!

### Date: 29 September 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

* Proof reading for SG

#### Who helped you this week?

* RT and JK helped me and LC with planning Milestone 3 work in dev session
  * KW: Fab!
* SF helped with presentations  

#### What did you achieve?

* OH community call
* CC summit presentation
* Autistica environments workshop
* Moderation summaries sent out! Made some adjustments based on feedback
  * KW: Aaaaaaaah - well done!! ‚ú®

#### What did you struggle with?

* Attention switching (position paper and presentations)

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Planning LC handover
  * KW: Being the main point of contact, newsletters, project progress slide
    * SL: Meet ups, GitHub tidying, dev sessions (led by RT)

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* TPS lightning talk 
  * KW: Today!! üôÄ üòú
* SeptembRSE video for MS
  * KW: Great ‚úîÔ∏è
* Position paper 
  * KW: Fab!

### Date: 01 September 2021

#### Who did you help this week

* Helped LC with presentation for OH community call

#### Who helped you this week?

* LC, AR, and JS helped me with CC summit
  * KW: 23 September presentation, lets do a prep on Mon 20 Sept - maybe 90 mins
* AvdW gave some tips
* SB helped with citizen science guide

#### What did you achieve?

* Draft 2 of citizen science guide (https://hackmd.io/qTWLh4zpRoKIUZrOW0B6VA)
  * KW: Great work! A little too long but BGT and I can ‚úÇÔ∏è‚úÇÔ∏è‚úÇÔ∏è üòÇ
* Work on CC summit presentation (https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/AutisticaCitizenScience/issues/535)
  * KW: Excited for this!
* Work on position paper (just reading and notes)
  * KW: Great stuff ‚ú®
* Into slides and planning for OH community call https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ya336Y3TZVDyxJheSW9FznTaBAhQAI8NCT5cpVeY-5M/edit#slide=id.p 
  * KW: These look good - too much text though! 

#### What did you struggle with?

* Moderation summaries still stalled
  * KW: Ah, August - you're so difficult to work through. Try cc-ing LK and see if that helps :sunflower:
* Hormones üòÖ
  * KW: üíâüíô 

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Check on structure for cc summit 
  * KW: This is looking great - just make sure you're all prepped on time etc üòÄ
* SDSIG - speaker recommendations?
* Ethics review
  * KW: On the to do list (it was on the to do list from last week.... but I ended up relaxing too much!)

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Community call presentation
* Position paper

KW: All looking good! Keep going! üöÄ üåü

### Date: 18 August 2021

#### Who did you help this week

* Reviewed SeptembRSE call for PH
  * KW: Fab!

#### Who helped you this week?

* SB helped me with citizen science guide
  * KW: Excellent!
* SF and LC helped with moderation decisions  
  * KW: Really great

#### What did you achieve?

* Audit for co-working session
  * KW: Very very helpful - thank you!
* Co-working with KW üå∑
  * KW: LOVELY day! Thank you!
* Work on moderation summaries (https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/AutisticaCitizenScience/issues/416)
* Draft citizen science guide (https://hackmd.io/ZwYAS8gNRu6Z3lVf61EjsA)
  * KW: Oh well done!

#### What did you struggle with?

* The moderation is tricky - but also super interesting!

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* OH community call ideas
  * KW: Lets have AR and SR to team up (assuming SR is finished travelling!) and give this presentation.
  * 7 September - focus on what has been done so far AND - importantly - where we're struggling on the backend.
  * Can I ask you to try to find a time that the presenters, JK, RT and I can meet on Thursday 2 Sept? The morning is currently very open so hopefully a good option there! 
    * Ideally this is a Kirstie feedback session so hopefully AR / SR will have some slides ready to go.
* Moderation summaries ready to send out?
  * KW: Yes.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Send out summaries
  * KW: This is looking really good - well done! Excited for them to go out!
* Citizen science guide 
  * KW: Looking excellent!
* Position paper
  * KW: Yeaaaaah - lets do dis!

### Date: 04 August 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

* Helped LC and SR by reviewing PRs

#### Who helped you this week?

* JK and RT helped me understand moderation backend data-flow 
* LC reviewed my PRs 

#### What did you achieve?

* Work on funding for project 
* Global Summit application succesful!  
  * https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/AutisticaCitizenScience/issues/535
  * KW: VERY COOL!
* Finally merged some outstanding PRs
* Plotting out moderation steps

#### What did you struggle with?

* Elements of strategy - Knowing which direction to take next/what's the most useful work to do

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Moderation summaries - best tactics
  * KW: Here's the work flow:
    * 1. Move potentially harmful quotes to another document, saved and version controlled for research purposes but not for publication.
      Update the summaries that have had quotes removed to include a paragraph noting the general themes of the quotes (so we still have the information, just not the direct quotes.)
    * 2. Send the summaries out for self-review (to the groups that individuals were in).
    * 3. Incorporate feedback.
    * 4. Send the summaries out to everyone so they can see the quotes from the (to be) published dataset.
    * 5. Incorporate feedback.
    * 6. Publish on GitHub.
* Ethics docs review
* Funding - clarifications

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Funding
* Moderation steps (with JS and SF)
* Citizen science chapter

KW: Excited to work together next week!

### Date: 07 July 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

* Helped LC with civil service reports
  * KW: I'm so glad!
    Super helpful!

#### Who helped you this week?

* Lots of people helped me with career thinking! <3 KW, MS, EK, AvdW, LC
  * KW: Really fantastic to have these conversations going!

#### What did you achieve?

* Ethics application: T-RECs 2 draft 
  * KW: This is looking so fantastic! Well done!!
  * Can you have a look through and make it clear that we are _not_ yet asking for permission to collect the real data, but that we do need to get permission to collect some _totally publicly available_ example contributions - both for testing the user experience of the platform AND for creating some examples so that future contributors have guidance on what types of contributions fit our remit.
  * Lets have you do a pass through and then share with folks in the lab: I'd be particularly keen to hear AM, MS & AB's perspectives but I think there are lots of folks who would enjoy reading more about your and IKG's work!
* Finished moderation reports summaries draft and created guidelines
  * KW: Oh dear! I forgot that you'd sent these! I'll put some time in to review!
* CC global summit application
  * KW: Exciting!
  * Please can you add your submission to the AutisticaCitizenScience GitHub repository?

#### What did you struggle with?

* Career thinking - working out the best next steps! It's exciting but also tricky!

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Reviewing ethics application
  * KW: Looks great - thank you - lets have the lab have a look and then I'll do a final pass.
* Reviewing moderation summaries
  * KW: YES - so sorry!
* Prioritising next steps
  * KW: We ran out of time in the meeting but I've added a few comments below.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Position paper
  * KW: Lets keep this for a few weeks from now.
* Continued funding/grant work
  * KW: I think it makes sense to fold this into attending the Autistica festival - particularly from a perspective of seeing how our work is answering open questions that folks are identifying!
* More career steps
  * KW: I think you should fold this into attending the Autistica festival! Give yourself some time to think carefully about what others are doing... and maybe reach out to some of the early career speakers to ask about their experiences?
* Autistica festival -- 12 to 16 July, next week
  * Presentation on Tuesday 13 July
* SR's last day -- 16 July

### Date: 09 June 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

* Helped LC with resources and wireframing
  * KW: Great stuff üñºÔ∏è

#### Who helped you this week?

* AA, LC and MA helped with reviewing
  * KW: Oh that's very kind - thank you to them! üôè
* AVDW gave me helpful mentoring

#### What did you achieve?

* Began ethics application 
* Completed appraisal draft in Cezanne  
  * KW: And appraisal with me! üíõ
* Clarified user flow with LC and JK
* Some more work on summaries 

#### What did you struggle with?

* Appraisal - it can be hard to assess yourself!
  * KW: I think is _is_ hard - but you did great üå† thank you for putting so much thought into it.

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Summaries - next steps
  * KW: Great discussion in the meeting
* Reviewing researchfish

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Edits on researchfish - and submit!
* Summaries
* Ethics 
* KW: Please also have a think about ordering of grant vs paper üòÉ

### Date: 26 May 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

* Helped SF get set up on GitHub and using it :tada: 
  * KW: Oh fun! Well done! üå†

#### Who helped you this week?

* IS helped even more with the platform development roadmap and setting milestones/issues
  * KW: Fab!
* IKG helped with ethics
  * KW: Super helpful - really glad you're road testing üó∫Ô∏è
* SB helped with making a beautiful page for meetups
  * KW: üôå

#### What did you achieve?

* Draft Researchfish updates completed
* Connected with SF to link in to AIM - brainstorming session
* Connected with IKG and began extra work on ethics
* More work on summaries
* Repo co-working with LC
* Moderation brainstorming session with LC, JS and SF [#476](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/AutisticaCitizenScience/issues/476)

#### What did you struggle with?

* Maintaining focussed time - lots of meetings and co-working (which was fun and productive)
* Still figuring out when/how to best support a range of tasks
  * KW: Discussed in meeting - hand over roadmap, development tasks, and meet up design & responsibilities

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Prepping for Autistica meeting
* Roadmaps 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

KW: Turned into a numbered list:

1. Hand over roadmapping to LC - don't work on this from June
2. Research fish - submitted to AutisticaCitizenScience GitHub repository as PR
3. Annual appraisal
4. Ethics

For future work in June:
1. AIM integration -- do keep connected w SF too
2. Summaries

Deprioritised:
* Future funding -- once we have other tasks aligned
* Autistica meeting prep -- KW to lead
* Position paper

### Date: 11 May 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

* Helped LC become more familiar with the project's participant community and the background research 
  * KW: Great üå†
* Helped SR with areas of project related to roadmap
  * KW: Awesome üó∫Ô∏è

#### Who helped you this week?

* IS helped come up with an open way of creating a roadmap
  * KW: That sounds great... super helpful - and on the critical path.

#### What did you achieve?

* Meeting and finding out about LC and SR üå∏
* Catching up/clarifying roles since leave
* Finished quarterly health updates
  * KW: Are these in the GitHub repository? Could we add them?
* Progress on Researchfish (getting there...!)
  * KW: Thank you - super important work - I'm very grateful üôè
* Dedicated focussing time/pomodoro really helps!

#### What did you struggle with?

* Sticking to time planning (lots of meetings)
* Knowing where guidance needed/where to step back
* Dev meeeting

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Next set of priorities - check 
* More on ways of working - how to support poeple without losing clarity of roles
* Doctoral student training opportunities

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Complete Researchfish updates
  * KW: Yes please - and think about prepping an update for the Autistica folks
* Continue to add more material to the repositories
  * KW: This is not your highest priority... but I see how it blocks LC and SR so please do fit this in as needed
* KW: Link to AIM - connect w SF 
* KW: Have a think about ethics application - connect w IKG
* Performance review on CezanneCon
  * KW: Likely for a meeting at the end of May ‚úîÔ∏è

### Date: 31 March 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

* Helped SF with application 

#### Who helped you this week?

* More helpful mentoring!
* KW helped with GSOC 
* EK joined meet-up session and gave some really helpful feedback 
* AVDW shared some resources for stratgic thinking
* OS and SI helped me edit. 

#### What did you achieve?

* Co-created presentation on participatory citizen science for OLS-3
* PR for updated [Open Canvas](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/AutisticaCitizenScience/pull/444)
* Meet-up session for community
* Shared Autism Awareness Day resources with comms team 
* Solved dataset migration error with JK - Milestone 1 complete! 

#### What did you struggle with?

* Strategy/prioritisation
* Ways of working 
* Burn-out/making mistakes üî•

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Easter refresh üå∏üå∏ - WoW and strategising
* GSoC
* Roadmapping 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* March newsletter 
* Easter break :)
* GSOC
* Turing Way integration 
* Strategic planning

### Date: 09 March 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

* SG - supporting OLS group with some mentoring advice
  * KW: Great! üå†
* Helped SI by creating more accessible GitHub labelling system
  * KW: Awesome - this is a good chapter in the Turing Way if you have a couple of hours to capture _what_ you did and why?

#### Who helped you this week?

* JS - excellent impromptu rescuing of talk after mic issues :)
  * KW: YES! Great work!
* MA helped facilitate meet-up session
  * KW: Fantastic - so kind üå∫
* Lots of helpful mentoring!

#### What did you achieve?

* Ran meet-up session - breakout rooms based on interests
* SDS SIG presentation
* Worked on philosophy paper/presentation with IKG
* Repo - reorganisation of labels/milestones

#### What did you struggle with?

* Some community management issues 

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Community management advice (again)
  * KW: We chatted about this in the meeting - you did a really fantastic job with managing a code of conduct violation. THANK YOU üíõ
    * Next steps are to write down for our records the two reports that we have received, and send them to the folks who submitted them for their approval.
    * We also need to do a bit of work harmonising the code of conduct work from last year with the CoC in the GitHub repository.
      * Technically the behaviours that have been reported are in the current code of conduct but they aren't as clear as they could be, so lets fix that for future community members.
      * We identified a community member to ask to join that work if they are interested / able.
      * We agreed that this work is going to be **written up as an issue** in the GitHub repository and then coordinate with Kirstie to find a time for her to co-work those changes with the community member.
* JS secondment next steps

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Platform (Sunday)
  * KW: Looking forward to this!
* Recording philosophy presentation
  * KW: FUN (don't over think the recording! üòâ)
* Meet-up session
  * KW: I can make it wooooooo üôå
* More MozFest 
  * KW: Please enjoy this and maybe see if you can twitter RT some of the content?
* KW: Code of conduct reports (see above)
* Summaries of moderation sessions
  * KW: I don't think you can fit this in? Definitely important work, but don't rush these.

We chatted about welcoming LC as our fast streamer who can work as a community manager.

### Date: 25 February 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

* Helped EH with some issues
* Helped JS with secondment proposal
  * KW: This is exciting!

#### Who helped you this week?

* JK helped me with Django
* KW helped me with newsletter
* MS gave me community management advice and support
* EK helped me with community engagement advice 

#### What did you achieve?

* Sent out February newsletter 
* Planned out co-working meeting
* Introduced new collaborators to project (yay!)
* Worked on funding proposal for Wellcome
* Worked on AutSPACEs repo 
* Co-working on philosophy conference paper

#### What did you struggle with?

* Time! 
* Merge conflicts
* Missing some team members
  * KW: Maybe chat with LC? Seems like an important policy to have in place. :hibiscus: 

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Community management advice 
* Funding stuff
  * KW: Discussed in meeting - let me get back to you on this asap. 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Funding application
* Platform
* Sorting out filing of various repos/templates on computer 

### Date: 17 February 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

* Helped PC by writing review
* Helped JS join meet-up group
* Helped JAS think through secondment 

#### Who helped you this week?

* AM helped me with funding strategies
* IS helped me with web build problems
* SB helped me run co-working session
* JK helped me with this very PR
  * KW: WOOOO! :confetti_ball:
  * Can we set up a co-working session with me, you and him? Maybe one weekend - ask him and then we can coordinate on slack :sparkling_heart:

#### What did you achieve?

* Second co-working session
* Recruited new collaborator with Django knowledge!
  * KW: Exciting!! :tada: 
* Building Twitter strategy with SB and SF
* Co-working with JS
* Finished Feb newsletter
* Worked on incorporating gov.uk components for MVP/getting some help from old GDS team :)
  * KW: Super fun! :rocket: :star2:
* Started exploring Canva (thanks SB!)
* Objectives submitted  

#### What did you struggle with?

* Zoom :( 
  * KW: Can you have a read through of this section - and maybe enhance it for the Turing Way: https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/collaboration/remote-collab/remote-collab-chairs.html?highlight=remote%20working#short-workshops-up-skilling-or-discussion-sessions
    * For example: how do you deal with plans changing? What do you do if zoom doesn't work :sob:? What if the folks you were expecting aren't there? How do you deal with changing agenda items based on who turns up? What if the group is really small? What if the group is really large? How manage very different interests etc? 
    * Remember to join 10 mins early and maybe good to have a back up host / helper just in case there are other problems.
  * We also would ideally have a version of this page for these meetings: https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/community-handbook/coworking/coworking-collabcafe.html 
  * A key difference is that we have a broader range of accessibility requirements than a typical Turing Way meeting - BUT OLS has fantastic resources so worth looking to bring those in too.
* html/Django rendering on localhost- getting help from JK and IS

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Wellcome/funding - next steps
* reviewing Feb newsletter
  * KW: This is a good slack nudge - please just send messages when I need to double check things like this :white_check_mark:

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Lots of platform building
* Funding stuff
* Supporting community to do tasks independently
* KW: Ask EK to work with you on understanding git merge conflicts.
  * Scope what a chapter in the Turing Way would look like to demonstrate merge conflict resolution
  * We have this content: https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/reproducible-research/vcs/vcs-git-merge.html?highlight=merge%20conflict#merge-conflicts but it may need sprucing up to be super useful! 

### Date: 03 February 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

* Helped the SDS group by inviting speaker and adding bios and abstracts
  * KW: So great! 
  * Please share on slack to the #tps & #ethics-advisory-group channel :pray: !
* Helped collaborator with involvement
  * KW: Great - keep an eye out for others who can also help with onboarding & supporting
* Helped JS think of neurodiversity improvements
  * KW: Very cool.
  * Connect with BV if that makes sense - you check first and then ping me on slack for introductions :smiley_cat:
* Helped JS get setup on the new AutSPACEs repo
  * KW: :confetti_ball::confetti_ball::confetti_ball:

#### Who helped you this week?

* KW sent me flowers :yellow_heart: 
* JK helped me with Django
* AVDW sent me an interesting article on transdisciplinarity
  * KW: Share in lab & Open Humans slack channel?
* SF helped with comms planning
  * KW: Cool :loudspeaker:
* AC helped me with facilitation 
  * KW: Amazing :pray:

#### What did you achieve?

* First co-working session
  * KW: So sorry I couldn't be there!
* Rough draft of wellcome 1-pager
  * KW: Looks good!
* Accessibility work on repo 
  * KW: Very cool!
* Platform progress supported by BGT
  * KW: Great stuff - please have as many conversations as possible in the OH slack workspace :pray:
* Creation of co-working sub-groups
  * KW: Great - make sure this is in an issue :smiley:

#### What did you struggle with?

* Some Django stuff (/html)
* Objectives :( - still no progress here 

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Wellcome - review, funding, and budgeting (maybe in meeting with SL?)
* Roadmapping for the platform build 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* More repo work
* Create roadmap and clarify with JK
* Django learning 
* Meeting with AB and AM
* Work on conference paper
* KW: One slack post everyday :apple: :wink:
  * Focus on building connections between JK and BGT and helping them to write issues for new contributors to work on.

### Date: 20 January 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

* Helped SF with research opportunities
  * KW: Very cool - conference abstract & possible talks

#### Who helped you this week?

* SB helped me all round with first mentoring session
  * KW: This is great - I'm delighted

#### What did you achieve?

* GSOC application submitted (thanks MS and KW!)
  * KW: Excited for this!
* Conference abstract submitted (Thanks IKG and SF)
  * KW: :muscle:
* Scaffold for Wellcome application (https://hackmd.io/IJl2JuDVQMWtm0ILqRQgqw)
  * KW: Really great!
* Interviewed AC for Jan newsletter
* Autistic co-facilitator for co-working sessions found
  * 2nd and 4th Thursdays from 4:30pm to 6:30pm
* Set up regular co-working sessions with JS

#### What did you struggle with?

* 3 month objectives on Cezanne - emailed reminder they are overdue!
  * KW: Please have a think about this and remind me!
* Some January blues and stress - whitaker lab helped lots! :)
  * KW: :sunrise_over_mountains: 

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Budgeting for funding applications

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Preparing for first group co-working session 
* Finishing Wellcome funding proposal
* January newsletter
* Continuing platform development
* Getting repo ready to onboard new collaborators 

KW: Please also arrange a chat with AM about a 5 or 10 year plan :scream_cat: and your graceful exit (on your own terms!!) from the Turing (or a dedication to stay!) :rocket: :star2:

### Date: 13 January 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

* Helped JK by creating issues and project board/milestones
  * KW: Really cool!

#### Who helped you this week?

* YY helped me understand the application process for the Wellcome foundation!
  * KW: Fun!
  * KW: Can you arrange a meeting w me, SL & YY (if she'd like to come?) to take this forwards?

#### What did you achieve?

* Transcripts complete! 44,452 words! 
  * KW: AMAZING!
* Repo created for new development work with README
* Researched funding options
* Wrote abstract for conference paper with IKG
  * KW: Fab - do talk with SF, & link up with me & IKG on slack

#### What did you struggle with?

* Finding good times to collaborate with people!
* Turing Way chapter

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Budgeting for funding applications
* Issues approaches
*  ï‚Ä¢ÃÅ·¥•‚Ä¢ÃÄ î„Å£ can I help *you* with anything? <3

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Set up fortnightly co-working (meet-up) sessions
  * KW: Excited for these!!
* 2-page funding proposal for Wellcome
  * KW: Ping SL & me :sparkles:
* Continuing platform development
* Fill the repo with all the Asana issues

KW: Tough meeting this morning.
2021 has lots of great opportunities but there are big decisions for this project that are on the horizon.
I'm really hopeful that we can find an integrated path forwards - there are so many great ideas :sparkling_heart:
