# Malvika's weekly meeting notes.

*[Template](#template-date-dd-month-yyyy)*

* [02 August 2021](#date-02-August-2021)
* [20 July 2021](#date-20-July-2021)
* [21 June 2021](#date-21-June-2021)
* [25 May 2021](#date-25-may-2021)
* [10 May 2021](#date-10-may-2021)
* [26 April 2021](#date-26-April-2021)
* [08 April 2021](#date-08-April-2021)
* [08 March 2021](#date-08-March-2021)
* [08 February 2021](#date-08-February-2021)
* [18 January 2021](#date-18-January-2021)
* [Nov-Dec 2020](#date-Nov-Dec-2020)
* [28 October 2020](#date-28-October-2020)
* [09 October 2020](#date-09-October-2020)
* [21 September 2020](#date-21-September-2020)
* [29 August 2020](#date-29-August-2020)
* [27 July 2020](#date-27-July-2020)
* [10 July 2020](#date-10-July-2020)
* [15 June 2020](#date-15-June-2020)
* [15 May 2020](#date-15-May-2020)
* [24 April 2020](#date-24-April-2020)
* [06 April 2020](#date-06-April-2020)
* [17 March 2020](#date-17-March-2020)
* [29 February 2020](#date-29-February-2020)
* [15 February 2020](#date-15-february-2020)
* [07 February 2020](#date-07-february-2020)

---

### Date: 02 August 2021

#### Who did you help this week?
- 1:1 with ABL, discussion and planning for August
- PS on discussion regarding community development and roles
  - KW: NICE!

#### Who helped you this week?
- AM and KW in preparing a short pitch for CM and RAM presentation 
  - KW: WENT GREAT - well done!
- ABL and KW and getting my contract sorted
  - KW: HMcC more than me, and I'm sorry that the comms around that were so bad.

#### What did you achieve?
- TMT meeting with AM and KW
  - KW: So delighted with this!!
- 2 SeptembRSE proposals accepted
  - KW: Fantastic - Turing Way talk and missing narratives in RSE (the "not" EDI proposal üòú)
- Collaborated with RA, EP and EK in submitting two proposals in OSFair 2021
  - KW: Awesome!
- TPS report and TTW newsletter
  - KW: AMAZING - I'm editing on Thursday
- Revising TTW pages that were outdated, thanks to BA, DG and FAIR-cookbook team
  - KW: Well done!
  - For my reference: https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/afterword/contributors-record.html
- Turing-Crick plannning with REG members, BM and KW
- Hosted a BOSC session

#### What did you struggle with?
- Contract and lack of communication from admin side

#### What would you like to work on next week?
- TTW-CM JD and recruitment
- Other CM recruitment related work
  - KW: Roche - paper exercise, send questions in advance, agree on shortlist
  - KW: ASG Community Manager
- UKRI grant design and planning meeting with ABL and hopefully CH (Jupyter)

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?
- Ongoing CM recruitment discussion

---

### Template: Date: DD Month YYYY

#### Who did you help this week?

#### Who helped you this week?

#### What did you achieve?

#### What did you struggle with?

#### What would you like to work on next week?

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

### Date: 20 July 2021

#### Who did you help this week?
- AM in drafting a pitch (that did not fit but we will continue drafting that)
- KE publishing research focus group
- Meeting CC regarding community design, shared feedback and set a few next milestones with CC
- Meeting with GA to discuss her research ideas, also cowrite recommendation for CC evaluation
- TTW members (SG, SB, VP) who ran a TTW workshop
- DSG members in curating chapters and feedback on DSG documents where TTW can be represented
  - KW: This is really fantastic - I'm so delighted ‚ú®
- SciPy session for biology and neuroscience, co-organised a round table
- ASG EDI discussion
- EK SSI meeting

#### Who helped you this week?
- ABL coordinated with EG, KW and me in finding common availability set up an Open Source Service area meeting 
- REG team in setting the onboarding meeting and contrubuting to the event
- ABL in drafting funding applications
- Gave a lunch and learn seminar
- TPS/TTW scoping meetings with REG members
- Book Dash Planning committee

#### What did you achieve?
- REG onboarding and connecting with members in REG for future work in Open Source Service area
- Gave a few public seminars and received some really useful feedback and new members in TTW
- Submitted 2 abstract in SeptembRSE
- Submitted nomination for OpenUK
- Governance planning with KW

#### What did you struggle with?
- Roche CM discussions
- Turing/Crick coordination (not challenging but need several discussions still to bring everyone on the same page)

KW: Really helpful discussion in the meeting with an acknowledgement that balancing uncertainty is the "struggle" rather than more specific challenges.

#### What would you like to work on next week?
- Next step in governance, getting a call out before August
  - KW: Very exciting!
- Set the next Book Dash sorted
- Some backlog in TTW

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?
- Research Fellow discussion
  - KW: Thank you for bringing this up - I hope it was helpful

### Date: 21 June 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

- Setting up a Turing Way workshop, coordinating with SG, SB and VP
- ABL newsletter review (very little as it was already fab :D)
- MN in feedback on her training activities
- KR in Gem application
- Consulted AC on collaboration cafe and Jupyter Book
- Fair-AI Ed project consulting with HA
- FC and CRS in getting the translation chapter planned
- EK in structuring communication chapter

#### Who helped you this week?

- Planning The Turing Way workshop: SG, SB and VP
- ABL in getting the Book Das expense sorted
- ABL in Gem applications
- LC and LA and cohosting the RightsCon session
- EK in coordinating work for the Guide for Communication
- BA and MV in taking over talks related to The Turing Way (eLife and EMBL)
- KW with annual appraisal

#### What did you achieve?

- Omic interest group presentation and collaboration with BM and AH
- Gem applications with BM on Turing-Crick collab and The Turing Way
- Turing Lunch and Learn session
- Inclusive Data Science talk along with AMaz
- SSI collab for Knowledge Bases and Toolkits -> possible paper with The Turing Way context
- Nice 1:1 chats with MM and ABL, scheduled with CC and GA this week

#### What did you struggle with?

- Working on The Turing Way PRs (some folks have requested for reviews on structure, alllocating reviewers)

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- Meeting up with TY in planning the next steps for translation project
- Quarterly report and other reports for The Turing Way
- The Turing Way project scoping

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

- Status update on my contract
- TPS roles and strategy for The Turing Way

### Date: 25 May 2021

#### Who did you help this week?
- AM in discussing her ongoing work and OLS graduation
- Book Dash folks
  - KW: SO MUCH!
- CS&S event fund review and debrief
  - KW: I'd love to build a more strategic connection w CS&S - I'm glad you are well connected there üå†
- The Carpentries CoC facilitator programme module
  - KW: WELL DONE STICKING WITH THIS WORK

#### Who helped you this week?
- Planning committee - they did so much
- Lab members and KW in discussing the idea of culture change
- EP helped with GitHub workshop
- EK with share out

#### What did you achieve?
- Collaborated with the Book Dash planning committee
  - KW: Debrief planned ‚úîÔ∏è
- Book Dash - 5th edition is over
- Collaborated on a few chapters and mentored folks

KW: You did SUCH a great job - really really fantastic üìöüìöüìöüí®üí®üí®

#### What did you struggle with?
- Nothing particular this week

#### What would you like to work on next week?
- Newsletter, rough draft of the report, illustration release, cumulating feedback and bio of the attendees
- 1 week off!
- Work on cleaning up Book Dash report, upload, resource update and reviews
  - KW: Plan to include the planning committee ‚úîÔ∏è

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

- No specific ask immediately, but we should do a big The Turing Way planning for next stage
  - KW: Discussed potential future direction in person - next step think up a project plan / strategy / outputs / measures of success etc.
    - I'm keen too to see if we can map inclusion to "inner source" projects too - how do we interoperably interact with HR processes etc?  

### Date: 10 May 2021

#### Who did you help this week?
- The PhD enrichment in sharing community building and mentoring resources for their current plans
  - KW: Awesome.
- LC recorded a talk with very little help from me
  - KW: Hahah - yes - it was looking great!!
- CC in discussing community practices and where she can think about different subproject and roles in AutSpaces.
  - KW: Delighted that you are working with her on this!

#### Who helped you this week?
- ABL at setting the reimbursement info for the book dash
  - KW: GREAT
- EP at helping with the GitHub workshop this will (13 May)
  - KW: FAB - really valuable for the üìö üí®
- EK at screening chapter for illustrations, and setting social discussions for the book dash
  - KW: SO GREAT! Really cool!

#### What did you achieve?
- Discussing open source service area's work with SG so we can sustain her work after she leaves
- MM at discussing OHT resources that would be useful for The Turing Way
- Newsletter was quite delayed - but went out
  - KW: It was fab! Well done! 
- A chapter on shared ownership - a CW21 blog extended
  - KW: This is going to be SO useful!
- A planning committee for the book dash
  - KW: Lovely group and so important üå†

#### What did you struggle with?
- Set up a topic for Lunch and Share session for The Turing Way that is widely appealing
  - KW: Remote collaboration (MS) & project design (AB) -- GREAT choices
- Still learning to stay less stressed by the COVID news
  - KW: Hugs. The news is super stressful. You can step away from any work stuff any time.

#### What would you like to work on next week?
- Book Dash, one talk this month and a panel this month
- Matomo agreement is still missing from data protection - waiting for the reply
  - KW: So exhausing but THANK YOU for keeping up the momentum to allow us to use this tool.

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?
- Go over the Book Dash plan and check if everything looks ok.
  - KW: It does!! Looks amazing!

### Date: 26 April 2021

#### Who did you help this week?
- GSoC applicant
  - KW: Fab - yes - thank you for helping her out!! Fingers crossed!
- Onboarding new member
  - KW: ‚ú®

#### Who helped you this week?
- Book Dash Planning Committee
  - KW: Bidirectional help here üòâ
- ABL in sorting the Scriberia contract
  - KW: Great üôå
- MV in taking one talk slot for University of Leicester seminar series
  - KW: STAR 
- Getting the Matomo info shared with IT (still waiting for a final approval)
  - KW: Well done on keeping going on this. Super useful for us at the moment _and_ for other projects in the future.

#### What did you achieve?
- Exchanging ideas with, and potentially setting collab with "Distributing education for data skills", by Royal College of Art team
  - KW: Well done promoting The Carpentries too, seems like a good link with the AIM RSF?
- Discussion with KP from Edinburgh, and connecting them with MF in the context of RSE training
  - KW: üí™ Love it.
- Communicating training plan with MN, both for The Turing Way and OLS
  - KW: üí∞ to pay student mentors!? Build connections between the Turing Way and the Turing Institute :stars:
- Coworking with ABL
- Connections with Enrichment Programme (AG) about community building work
  - KW: Deeeeeeelighted
- TPS Quarterly Report
  - KW: üôè

#### What did you struggle with?
- COVID news from India

#### What would you like to work on next week(s)?
- Book Dash logistics
- Update Book Dash chapter
- Create web analytics chapter

KW: These all sound great ‚úîÔ∏è

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?
- Newsletter review this week

#### Notes from Kirstie
- Feedback re: TPS
- Personel restructure at Turing
- ASG meeting w BMA
- Strategy for the Turing Way re: collaboration cafe's - making the space a bit more accessible for people who don't know much about open research!
  - Maybe themes, maybe other people hosting.
  - MS & KW..... too old üëµüëµ üßü‚Äç‚ôÄÔ∏èüßü‚Äç‚ôÄÔ∏è


### Date: 08 April 2021

#### Who did you help this week?
- AM and KW in discussing job ads, TPS strategy
- GA in reviewing GSoC issue for interested candidates
- Chatted with LC about community management, and scheduled a meeting for next week
- IKG in discussing and opening a PR on case study (Ethical Research workflow)

KW: SO helpful!

#### Who helped you this week?
- ABL in advertising Book Dash internally
- AM formatting the first draft of TPS fellow JD
- EK and BA in delivering the workshop at CW21, CW21 attendees to join for a touch base

KW: Awesome :stars:

#### What did you achieve?
- Coworking with ABL and AM on The Turing Way for internal engagement
- Attended Autspace meet-up
- Managed to send feedback and email for the inclusive event paper
- Onboarded 3 members to The Turing Way (2 internal, who will need more proactive engagement)
- Talk at ONS/RAP and DORA
- Attended UK carpentries community call and identify how to connect them to Turing
  - KW: Great community to connect with! 
- CW21 workshop and overall conference engagement
- Newsletter with project info

KW: All great work! Thank you! :pray:

#### What did you struggle with?
- Getting the release out
- Watching or attending MozFest sessions

#### What would you like to work on next week?
- Turing Way Release
- Set up eventbrite and all required docs for the Book Dash
  - KW: Scriberia, and connecting with LC to suggest a plan for her application.
- GitHub issues and PR

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?
- TPS engagement idea as discussed with ABL
  - KW: Sounds great! Excited for October time!
- Policy related connections, actively engaging with policymakers in Turing and UKRN

### Date: 08 March 2021

#### Who did you help this week?
- AM and ABL in 1:1 catch up
  - Shared Open source resources, concepts and related discussions with AM
    - KW: EXCELLENT üéä
  - Discussed ABL role in the TPS, Turing and alignment with The Turing Way
    - KW: Very very cool üå†
- GA in planning her meet up format and designing a shared note
  - KW: Thank you - I think this is really really helpful
- Brought MGV on SciPy minisymposium chair team, I will step down next year
  - KW: Just say nooooooooooo üôå (and nominate your friend üòÜ)

#### Who helped you this week?
- MM in 1:1 catch up and discussion on her work
  - KW: Really cool - I'm putting this here to remind myself to read their strategy https://www.onehealthtech.com/our-strategy-2021-2022
- KW in brainstorming The Turing Way plans for open governance and infrastructure
  - KW: üåü
- IKG in exploring some of the cognitive load we can try to address in The Turing Way for new users
  - KW: Nice ‚úîÔ∏è
- BA and EK in brainstorming session plans for CW21
  - KW: Very exciting!

#### What did you achieve?
- FOSS backstage, EMBL-EBI workshop and RIOT talks, and a repeat talk in the lab
  - KW: BUSY WEEK!
- Connection with ONS and a talk slot on 24 March
  - KW: This is so exciting üå†
- Attended "Professional Development Session: Introduction to Management"
- HM in discussing some of the steps in EDI that can connect The Turing Way
- Humanities & Data Science Discussion Group - The role of authorship
  - KW: This is going to go in my obituaaaaaryyyyyyy üôå :grave: (no grave emoji, whats up?) üíÄ
- Connecting The Turing Way with The Carpentries training materials for [sprint planning](https://github.com/tobyhodges/lesson-sprint-recommendations)
  - KW: Very cool agaaaaain! 
- Onboarding calls started, seems like a great place to connect people over useful discussions
- Discussions with Training team to align our workshop with each other
  - KW: Great plan coming together

#### What did you struggle with?

- Too many conferences, great to see many people proactively giving talks and submitting proposals
  - Decided not to apply for some conferences as there was no new volunteers
- Struggled to find quiet time to follow through some open tasks due to back to back commitments for talks, meetings and workshops

A-freaking-men! üôÄüôÄüôÄ

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- A few open PR, specifically for analytics (preferably for Netlify)
  - KW: Fine with me - thank you for entertaining my exploration of all the other options
- Make a new release before the next newsletter
  - KW: ü§Øü§Øü§Øü§Ø Lets do it!

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

- GSoC, GSoD and CZI discussions
  - KW: SUPER fun planning 
    - GSoC -- CSS exercise to improve discoverability in the book
    - GSoD -- interview community members - making the implicit explicit
    - CZI -- best practices across the ecosystem

KW: Super fun conversation! Thank you!

### Date: 08 February 2021

#### Who did you help this month?
- Joined the SIG Facilitating Responsible Participation in Data Science (really great group!)
  - KW: Delighted :sparkling_heart:
- Connected with AB regarding TTW
  - KW: Ah - great!
- Joined training team for recruitment panel
  - KW: Super helpful conversation 
- AM on discussions around RAM
  - KW: Very cool :star2:
- LC in writing proposals and abstracts for TTW
  - KW: Amazing

#### Who helped you this month?
- KW in getting prepared for mid-term review
- AM in connecting with a few more people in Turing and posting UKRN info on TTW
- ABL in promoting TTW info in Turing and reviewing report to add on GItHub
- AB in pointing a few gaps around participation that I can work to will
- LC in writing proposals and abstracts for TTW

#### What did you achieve?
- Newsletter of the month
- CW21 SC discussion and an abstract submission
  - KW: Nice - well done :star2:
- Onboarded a few new members in the community
- Participated in the mid-term panel
- GDPR training
- Connecting with NM through MN in the context of mentoring
  - KW: Seems like a good connection :white_check_mark:
- SG, AM, AH, MN projects from Turing in OLS
  - KW: WHAT a fun group!
- Working with EDI in identiying technical skills that can be delivered with TTW

#### What did you struggle with?
- January slowness
- Personal milestones
  - KW: Discussed in meeting - thank you for sharing :hibiscus:

#### What would you like to work on next month?
- Book Dash announcements
- Governance - community-handbook
  - KW: Excited for Thursday!! :star2:
- Community health report (mentor AH)

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?
- Many points mentioned in the answer to the previous question

### Date: 18 January 2021

#### Who did you help this week?
- AM in discussing about Turing's role in training
- I have been mostly working on 1:1 basis with different people in the community to get their abstract, application and engagement in the project sorted
  - KW: So great!

#### Who helped you this week?
- AB in keeping Turing slack updated with TTW news
  - KW: Delighted!

#### What did you achieve?
- A few days I managed to get out of bed before 9:00 (it's been tough - holiday hangover)
- KW: I'm pretty sure there's more than that. OH LOOK: 
  - GSOC application: https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/blob/master/communications/GSoC-applications/GSoC-2021/GSoC-2021-INCF.md
  - Curated / welcomed OLS applications
  - Quarterly report!
  - TPS VIDEO :movie_camera:

#### What did you struggle with?
- Getting back to work with full swing, general weather-related affect

#### What would you like to work on next week?
- Update community calendar with some plans to be shared with the community members
- Sketch out how we would like the year to (vaguely) look like for TTW
  - KW: OH that is going to be super fun!

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?
- Approving some of the community projects listed here: https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/issues/1712
  - KW: Will do!
- Adding any conference she would like to encourage presenting The Turing Way: https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/issues/1717
  - KW: I suspect I might not be all that useful here - I'll keep you in mind though!
- Planning a few dates for Book Dash and technical workshops/training event
  - KW: Whaaaaaat?! Wild times. Will ping a few ideas on slack.

### Date: Nov-Dec 2020

#### Who did you help this month?
- Planning and hosting Book Dash, while participating in Biohackathon EU (went well)
- Innovation Scholar application planning and drafting (not successful)
- LwM team in building their community charter
- Teaching a session of Train the Trainer
- Marilina in draftinbg her talk for pyDay Chile
- HDS discussion team
- REG in hosting The Carpentries seminar
- Catching up with Aida on The Turing Way, community management, learning options etc.

#### Who helped you this month?

- KW, SG, MV with book dash
- MF, BM, DG in URI application
- Lab members in keeping it up during the pandemic
- AB in settling all the book dash expense
- KW in planning next steps in TTW

#### What did you achieve?
- Survived a failed grant application
- Received Turing's online training grant for "OLS for Turing"
- Finished the year in Ireland

#### What did you struggle with?
- Pandemic
- Funding opportunities
- Lack of time to do things I would love to :D

#### What would you like to work on next year?
- Governance design, member recruitment, report, paper, momentum building and delegating more work

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?
- Planning next steps in TTW and she already helped :D

### Date: 28 October 2020

#### Who did you help this week?

- PO in setting documentation plan and next milestones for his work
  - KW: Great stuff - I'm really enjoying chatting with him!
- SG in OLS mentorship matter, switching projects and allowing to shadow other mentor
  - KW: Great job thinking about everyone's needs :sparkling_heart:
- LA in governance and leadership discssion and codevelopment of leadership chapter
  - KW: I talked about this in my talk at York - everyone wants this content! GREAT WORK!
- MF connect with TH from TC
  - KW: :heart_eyes:
- ET and NM in identifying organisational collaboration with The Turing Way
  - KW: This is so freaking cool

#### Who helped you this week?

- KW for running an extra long sprint
  - KW: Hehehe - so true!
- PO discussing some ideas for a chapter, templates and documentation plans
  - KW: Such great work! 

#### What did you achieve?

- JC sprint with KW (though I was there only for the first half)
  - KW: AND ALL THE OTHER JupyterCon work! :rocket:
- More contributors from the hacktoberfest, though reviewing is slow at the moment
  - KW: Yeah - its a weird space - I was still really excited to talk about it at York :smile:
- Submitted Online training proposal
  - KW: GREAT WORK!
- Joining the UKRI proposal and sketching training plans with members from Turing and Crick
  - KW: I am super excited for this proposal.
- Reviewed Book Dash application, discussed with KW to select 20 participants.
  - KW: So excited!
- Helping EDI receive confirmation from HR to help Turing folks attend the Ally workshop
  - KW: Really wonderful :heart_eyes:
- Finishing logistics for the Book Dash (personal arrangements are due)

#### What did you struggle with?

- Weather

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- setting up the remaining logistics for the Book Dash
- grant proposal

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

- Book Dash
- Any plan for the next months that we should focus on

Really amazing work Malvika - thank you so much :pray:

### Date: 09 October 2020

#### Who did you help this week?

- PO with getting some more plannings for next week - need more hands-on session with him but struggled with time commitments this week
  - KW: I'm glad he's doing so well!
- Some HacktoberFest folks
  - KW: I'm delighted that these translations are going so well!

#### Who helped you this week?

- SB and PO with Hacktoberfest contributions
- KW with preparing for meeting
- MV troubleshooting JC platform issues

KW: You are doing SO much great work - I'm so glad that these folks are working with you :sparkling_heart:

#### What did you achieve?

- Launched the Book Dash call - currently sorting some logistics and reaching out to people to apply
- We are doing 2 JupyterCon tutorials this week & a JupyterCon sprint next weekend (not this weekend)
- Getting The Carpentries conversation forward with TH, AN and MF
- Collaboration Cafe was pretty great
  - KW: I was so delighted to be there! So much fun!
- Reviewed a manuscript after 1 year break :D - it was good!

#### What did you struggle with?

- JC time commitments
- Keeping track of the new connections
  - KW: Yeah - this is tough

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- Book Dash and Biohackathon
- Putting JC tutorial in The Carpentries format
- Next governance document - defining roles
- Looking for funding for community development

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

- New responsibilities

KW: SO MUCH GOING ON AAAAAAH! 

KW: It's all terribly exciting though - THANK YOU for all your amazing work!

### Date: 21 September 2020

#### Who did you help this week?

- LA in getting started with leadership chapter
- MF in designing the UKRI application with the Turing Way and OLS
- Supporting the conference on Women in Science and impact of COVID
- MN in thinking through our training plan
#### Who helped you this week?
- MV and SG in designing this tutorial. 
    - So thankful to MV who did more than half the work. And SG for efficiency.
- MA for helping set our GSoD candidate
- BW in sharing her insights on how to develop community with accessibility aspects
- SB in taking leadership on hacktoberfest

#### What did you achieve?

- Onboarding PO in GSoD project
- Onboarding NM and PO on OLS project
- Finishing the JupyterCOn tutorial collaboratively
- Getting the plan for the second tutorial sorted by GdQ
- Finishing the newsletter and getting started with Collaboration Cafe
- Delivering the DORA panel

#### What did you struggle with?

- Sad to give false hope to AH and still not getting in touch with PG
- Getting the collaborative workflow idea across AY, Turing events team

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- JupyterCon tutorial
- Supporting materials for AY and communications team
- Supporting the GSoD candidates
- Designing the bookdash

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?
- JBC etc.

### Date: 29 August 2020

#### Who did you help this month?
- EP in getting prepared for the lightning talk
  - KW: Fab! :rocket:
- MV in finalising her abstract for MEEG workshop
  - KW: This is great I'm so delighted!
- Chris H. in giving feedback on Hypergraph and how they can get involved in TTW

#### Who helped you this month?
- KW in discussing TTW through catch up calls
- W-lab catch up chats and group meetings in staying connected with others
- EP presented 2 lightning talks on TTW
- EP, SG and MV in documenting the promotion pack

KW: Absolutely awesome.

#### What did you achieve?
- 6 Turing projects in OLS, 2 mentors confirmed but nobody else responded (except GvdB who is busy to participate)
  - KW: So excited to see how everyone does!!
- A few completed chapters in handbook
- GSoD application accepted!
- Documenting the quarterly report (100 subchapters!)
- coworking calls
- meeting with Turing communication team: but they are not available very soon to work with
- proposal for tutorial accepted in JupyterCon

#### What did you struggle with?
- Getting Turing folks working on The Turing Way, there is not much feedback from the Slack
- GSoD candidate is not available and it has not been easy to plan the project with them
- August quietness in general

#### What would you like to work on next month?
- Zenodo releases
  - Chapter releasing for metric?
  - KW: I think for this we really want to implement some ethical google analytics style tracking for this - high priority though!
- Community roles, and community handbook
- Turing: Communications team, REG and others
  - KW: And maybe some of the TPS projects - I think they're keen but don't know how to start contributing!
- Cross project plans (Jupyter and The Carpentries)
- Co-work on jupyter book tutorial with SG and MV

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?
- Project review and next steps
  - Governance, community roles, how has the project worked so far? anything you wished I worked on and did not? anything I worked on and should have done something differently? At the moment, I don't have much overview and feedback on what you as a project lead would like me to focus on?
- Personal goals and identifying funding for next year
- reviewing the promotion pack and finalising the slides to be added on Zenodo

### Date: 27 July 2020

#### Who did you help this week?
- ML in discussing governance in open source
- EP in getting restarted with their contribution to _The Turing Way_
- PG in discussing their tasks and role with GSoD
- A few new contributors in getting their contributors added as a PR, subchapters through collaboration cafe

#### Who helped you this week?
- TA, CH, MGV in writing the JupyterCon tutorial proposals
  - KW: So freaking cool! Well done! :milky_way:
- NP and AB in reviewing chapters in the handbook
  - KW: Brilliant
- KW in discussing projects in OLS for Turing and identifying mentors
- KW in discussing the governance document
  - KW: Hmmmm - I'm mostly just being super slow here. But thank you :sparkles:
- ML in pointing place for improvement in governance document

#### What did you achieve?
- improvements in the current PRs for _The Turing Way_
- getting communications out for OLS for Turing

#### What did you struggle with?
- integrating all suggestions on the community handbook
  - KW: Take your time! Better to do this right than rushed :hibiscus:

#### What would you like to work on next week?
- getting the remote collaboration chapters organised by inviting community members to take lead of subchapters
- support Martina in getting all the errors listed as issues
- refactor contributors.md file
- plan the JupyterBook with _The Turing Way_ materials for tutorial 

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?
- a few PRs on _The Turing Way_

KW: Take care of yourself, rest as much as you can :sunflower:

### Date: 10 July 2020

*Monthly update*

#### Who did you help this month?

- CarpentryCon TaskForce in setting their proposal repository and sharing our rubrics for selection and reusing them for abstract review
- PG in writing the GSoD application
- Helped running a humanities in data science discussion with Fede, Katie and Leontien
- EMBL folks in sharing some names of diverse researchers including in Turing who they can invite to their event on Women in Science
- MF in writing his proposal for training in Turing
- IKG, LC, SB, CRS and KS in developing their OLS applications
- SG in brainstorming some ideas for her grant application
- KK in writing the first case study in The Turing Way
- EDI working group in discussing some actionable plan from the Turing

#### Who helped you this month?

- MM in discussing her governance structure in OHT and how they manage communication
- SG in getting the OLS-2 for Turing words out for RSG
- HPC carpentries team in sharing The Turing Way practice to involve people in resource development
- CK from Kenyan bioinformatics network in planning Binder workshop and a panel in data science communities
- SG for helping run the Binder workshop
- RA for reviewing multiple chapters and PRs on The Turing Way

#### What did you achieve?

- Invited Data Feminism contributions into The Turing Way through their final reading group call
- Gave a talk on OLS-2 for Turing at the TPS seminar
- Participated in the OHBM panel on collaboration in research
- Launched the OLS-2 for Turing and managed to get 4 applications
- Finished the first group with reading group with IKG, LC and YY
- led the first workshop on zero to binder
- Got several chapter on community practices added as PRs

#### What did you struggle with?

- Collaboration Cafes at 7:00 pm hasn't been working with the community members
  - KW: So true :sob: Totally understandable I guess. Moving to 3pm for this month?

#### What would you like to work on next month?

- Get the next step of governance planned out and connect with mentors for the OLS-2 for Turing

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

- Touch base on The Turing Way and the next steps in the project

KW: SUCH AN AMAZING MONTH. Thank you so so much :sparkling_heart:

### Date: 15 June 2020

*Monthly update*

#### Who did you help this month?

- Ran a GitHub session with GA for the Autistica folks
- UKDRI members in planning and rinning the Binder workshop
- 

#### Who helped you this month?

- Coworked with KW to release the new 5 guide version of The Turing Way
- Lab members in getting involved in discussions

#### What did you achieve?

- Taught a half day part of the Carpentries online instructor training
- Hosted Collaboration Cafes and Coworking calls (have started running this regularly every day)
- Discussed with Kirstie the Governance file and decided to split them into 3 sections
- co-ran a Binder workshop for UKDRI with KW and SG
- attended Data Feminism book club and the event at the Turing on challenging power
- started a reading group with IKG and LC
- delivered a CogX talk on The Turing Way
- Finished the first cohort of OLS and launched the next cohort with YY and BB

#### What did you struggle with?

- working on the Governance file due to lack of time to think about it in detail

#### What would you like to work on next month?

- Get a plan with IKG to get started with the Ethics guide 

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

- Neede her help in getting the new book version released and we did it!

### Date: 15 May 2020

*Monthly update*

#### Who did you help this week?

* KS in onboarding in the project
  * KW: SO GREAT!
* SG in coworking on some PR and issues
* GA in community and GitHub related discussions
* IGK in sharing some group related aspects and GitHub tutorials
* GSoD participants

KW: So wonderful - I'm so glad folks are benefitting from your expertise.

#### Who helped you this week?

* YY and CR in helping out with GSoD information
  * KW: So appreciate their input!
* SG and GA in coworking and uplifiting
* KW in several discussions and guidance
  * KW: Good.... although I can't imagine I've done much at all - you've been kicking ass without me for ages now!

#### What did you achieve?

* Ally skill workshop for the lab with YY
* TW Coworking hours and a collaboration cafe
* WiDs IBM Code Bristol talk and new connections
* csv,conf and new connections
  * KW: I could not be more jealous - I'm so glad you could attend :heart_eyes:
* OS mentoring consulting for Dutch team
* OLS wrap up
* New half written documents
  * KW: We should set aside some time to get these done together - I know you're killing it!!
* Creative writing social call with SG and GA

KW: Really spectaular - well done!! :space_invader:

#### What did you struggle with?

* Sticking with the daily todos

KW: Totally feel you on this. I think you need to be really strict on how much time you spend on "small" tasks.

* Reserve PRs for others to review
* Only reply to issues once per day :sparkling_heart:
* Take whole days / a week off to focus on the deep work

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Newsletters
* Finish gov doc and GitHub collab
* KPI development / quarterly report

KW: So appreciate all this work

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* At the moment, some asynchronous touch bases helps

### Date: 24 April 2020

#### Who did you help this week?

- Exchanging feedback with Scriberia with the help of KW
- Sharing community ideas and newsletter structure with GA
- Sponsoring YY's ally skill training through my SSI fellowship
- Helping finalising The Carpentries instructor training with a few instructors in Europe
- Helping finalising OBF travel fellowship candidate for this round

#### Who helped you this week?

- KW in writing the contributor's acknowledgement draft for the TW
- GA in creating a co-working hour plan for the lab
- SG, AW and MG in making the Turing Way co-working call productive with other members
- YY for providing tips and reviewing GSoD draft

#### What did you achieve?

- Co-creating a co-working plan with GA for the Whitaker lab
- Co-working with community members in a scheduled hour every day
- Submitting the CogX abstract
- Planning the Binder workshop in May along with SG and KW
- Helping offer ideas for the Reproducibilitea online meeting with their orgnaisers
- Finishing Ally skill train the trainer workshop
- Creating a GSoD application draft
- Submitting a sprint idea about TW in SciPy (a slot was offered as a chair of bioinformatics)

#### What did you struggle with?

-  Same as the last times, I haven't yet had a chance to work in community documents

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- Community documents

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

- Approving GSoD draft
- Approving a AW's PR on version control

### Date: 06 April 2020

#### Who did you help this week?

- DSSG team in sharing resources on online communities and events
- GA and KW on sharing some tips on Zoom event online for their project wireframing
- CW20 event team in helping with some sessions at CW20
- Co-working with eScience members and getting their contents in the Turing Way
- A talk at the eLife innovation leaders on Mountain of engagement

#### Who helped you this week?

- KW with the CW20 talk 
- SG, PH, YY with gathering interests in Turing Way and developing content at CW20
- KW in probation/appraisal
- SG in creating cross stitch carpentry

#### What did you achieve?

- Co-working with Kirstie and restructuring The Turing Way book
- A perspective talk on a culture of collaboration at CW20
- A collaboration cafe with more Turing members in gathering content on remote collaboration
- Content development and visibility at CW20
- Chapters on Remote collaboration
- Meeting with KD on aligning our roles at TPS and Turing Way

#### What did you struggle with?

- Time management while working from home
- Getting project management related work done for The Turing Way

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- Work on project management related tasks

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

- Getting some of the PRs on Turing Way approved (will ping on GitHub)
- Discussion on the probation/appraisal document

### Date: 17 March 2020

#### Who did you help this week?
- HS and BV with their PRs
- Newcastle workshop
- SG cross-stitch carpentry
- Gates project: open science

#### Who helped you this week?
- KW in discussing and structuring 100 min relay

#### What did you achieve?
- Humanities and data science notes
- Joining EDI team
- Chairing a lab meeting and putting self-care materials 
- 

#### What did you struggle with?
- Prioritizing TW PRs and Issues
- Structuring large chapters

#### What would you like to work on next week?
- Project management stuff - captured but unwritten 
- Work with eScience Amsterdam team to sort their PRs
- Distributed collaboration document
- Newsletter

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?
- Governance of Turing Way
- Differentiating roles
- Structuring book to create space for the new topics
- COVID response in newsletter
- Turing + Turing Way

### Date: 29 February 2020

#### Who did you help this week?

- A couple of book dash participants

#### Who helped you this week?

- KW, SG, LB in book dash planning+organising
- KW in the catch up meeting and planning the Newcastle workshop
- MY in sharing insights from the RSE group and how they can be involved 

#### What did you achieve?

- Finalising the Newcastle workshop with th eorganiser
- Book Dash and book dash report
- Got to know the ATI members interested in contributing an Ethics case study

#### What did you struggle with?

- Not totally understanding my place in the project - but that is going to get better with time

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- Creating a few documents for the TW project management: book dash, collaboration cafe etc.
- Understanding the potential ways to improve TW visibility

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

- A few hours to sit down and discuss notes from the expansion sprint, and plan next book dash

### Date: 15 February 2020

#### Who did you help this week?

- Software Carpentry workshop organisers, instructors, helpers and participants on 10-11 2020.
- A few Book-dash participants who did not have their tickets for travel.
- KD in getting her registration for the book dash sorted.

KW: Really glad that KD can come to the book dash - thank you for coordinating all the travel etc!

#### Who helped you this week?

- Software Carpentry workshop organisers, instructors, and helpers - MN, LB, JP, KH.
- KW in running pre-book dash calls and booking the dinner location for book-dash.
- Reception staff for sorting the catering for the book dash.

#### What did you achieve?

- Taught at the SwC workshop, got to know few more Turing members through this course :)
- Finalising pre-event plans for the book-dash, including the drop-in calls.
- Sending abstract and details for the Newcastle event
  * https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/pull/829
- Addressed (accepted-closed) a few PRs on TW Gh repo.

KW: Awesome - way to go!

#### What did you struggle with?

- Hot-desking (still learning).
  * KW: Blurgh - yeah - its really tough. I hope some of the suggestions from our chat work out - meetings for coffee or chatting on slack for example.
- Identifying key members at Turing to establish contact with.
  * KW: Sounds from our chat like you're actually doing a fantastic job on this front!

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- Addressing more open PRs on TW Gh repo.
- Get to know a few more people at the Turing.
- Finalising remaining logistics for the book-dash.
  * KW AND HOST THE BOOK DASH WAAAAAAH! :books: :dash: :dash:

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

- Finalising TW Newsletter: https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/pull/830
- Running the book-dash
  * KW: We chatted about presentations & hackmd. Looking forward to the event! 
- Finalishing Qs for asking a few Turing members.
  * KW: Lets leave this to KD for the first pass but introduce you :smiley_cat:
- [PR merge request](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/pull/801) for Collab Cafe time table for next months.
  * KW: ON IT!

### Date: 07 February 2020

#### Who did you help this week?

- The SwC organisers and trainers in sharing teaching materials.
- The book dash attendees and getting their travel/accommodation sorted.

KW: So fantastic that you were here for the first Turing SWC workshop!

#### Who helped you this week?

- KW in orienting about the Turing and its projects, and the role of Turing Way.
- Otis in welcoming me to the office :)
  * KW: He's so wonderful :heart_eyes:
- KW in putting me in touch with other members.
- GA by sharing the citizen science meeting details.
  * KW: Aaaah - I'm so sad I didn't get to go to this!
  * Putting this link here to remind me to checkout the talks :laughing: https://youtu.be/2QMhyObtuyM
- KD in sharing about the Turing and her role in TPS+TW.
  * KW: I'm so delighted that you had this chat! Excited for you to work together!
- SG and JC in joining the TW demo abstact/application for the CW20.
  * KW: Here's the link for reference! Fingers crossed! So excited that you can go to represent _The Turing Way_ [CollaborationsWorkshop2020-submission.md](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/blob/master/conferences/abstracts/CollaborationsWorkshop2020-submission.md)
- Grey Dawes, KW and KD in getting everyone's travel/accommodation sorted for the book dash.
  * KW: :steam_locomotive: :steam_locomotive: :steam_locomotive:

#### What did you achieve?

- Connecting with the members from humanities through their monthly discussion event.
- Attending TW collab cafe and getting a few TW Gh PRs addressed.

KW: And opened The Turing Way [twitter account](https://twitter.com/turingway)!!

#### What did you struggle with?

- Getting to know the city.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- Finalising book-dash logistics - dinner, people, pre call.

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

- Book dash dinner.
  * KW: Good job on taking this task away from me!
- General qs about the Turing.
