# Malvika's weekly meeting notes.

*[Template](#template-date-dd-month-yyyy)*

* [17 January 2022](#date-17-January-2022)
* [22 November 2021](#date-22-November-2021)
* [11 October 2021](#date-11-October-2021)

---

### Date: 17 January 2022

#### Who did you help this week?
- Training team in designing two projects

#### Who helped you this week?
- REG team in giving a final demo of the documents for the UX project handover
- MN in involving in two projects and organising session for community discussion

#### What did you achieve?
- Ran a community engagement discussion
- Got access to the community manager page
- Set up the team GitHub and CoC revision

#### What did you struggle with?
- Delayed submission of objectives and GSoC due to many meetings

#### What would you like to work on next week?
- UKRI panel

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?
- Review of CM team GitHub and CoC revision

### Date: 16 December 2021

#### Who did you help this week?
- Facilitating Responsible Participation workshop with GA
- AR and VH in project planning and discussion
- Training team in co-designing two projects

#### Who helped you this week?
- KW in project planning and onboarding of AR and VH
- MN in organising community engagement workshop
- ET, KH, MM, HD, J in running the fireside chat

#### What did you achieve?
- Worked on the GEM projects with the REG members (added them on the TTW team doc)
- Chat with eScience team about future engagement
- Validate AI session
- developed the foundation community engagement workshop materials

#### What did you struggle with?
- Delayed newsletters

#### What would you like to work on next week?
- Holidays!

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

---

### Template: Date: DD Month YYYY

#### Who did you help this week?

#### Who helped you this week?

#### What did you achieve?

#### What did you struggle with?

#### What would you like to work on next week?

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

### Date: 22 November 2021

#### Who did you help this week?
- LF in getting some ideas framed
  - KW: GREAT! 
- Onboarding new team members
  - KW: So many new folks!! Exciiiiiting!
- Onboarding AC as RAM in Gem projects
  - KW: That should be a great combo - thank you üå∫
- New team members in discussing their projects, setting SMART goals
  - KW: Great! 
- Q3 report for The Turing Way
  - KW: THANK YOU üôè

#### Who helped you this week?
- FN in supporting Turing-Crick project
  - KW: Fantastic üéä
- MY, IS and LF in getting the KPI's for UX/UI project out
  - KW: Really good - glad these are rocking forwards
- Book Dash planning committee in running the event
  - KW: They did a great job!!!
  - Action to KW to message CL about secret plan üéÅ
- MN in setting a community training plan for December
  - KW: SO SO COOL - I am really jazzed about finding a few more folks at Turing who want to get involved in these community engagement activities.
- GA in designing workshop for the Facilitating Responsible Participation on Contextualising Research projects
  - KW: Very excited for this!!

#### What did you achieve?
- Visited India
  - KW: WOOOOO!! So glad you got there and back safe and sound ü™î
- Lots of talks and engagement
- Kicked off two gem funded projects
  - KW: WELL DONE.
- Together with the panel - conducting TTW CM interviews
  - KW: These were FUN!

#### What did you struggle with?
- Mixing holidays and work
  - KW: SO HARD. And moving house. REST OVER CHRISTMAS! üéÑ
- Getting TTW work done as the other collaborations have increased workload (but that shouldn't be an issue next year)
  - KW: I agree - you can't do all the things. And focusing on the short term funded initiatives have to be what we prioritise for the short term.

#### What would you like to work on this week?
- Getting some of The Turing Way work done
- Designing some onboarding/training content
- Setting workspace for CM team

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?
- Discussions on the CM team development, TPS alignment, vision
  - KW: Useful chat in the meeting

### Date: 11 October 2021

#### Who did you help this week?
- TTT program planning
  - KW: w MN & MF - very cool! ‚úîÔ∏è
- CS&S planning
  - KW: Building connections - super helpful!

#### Who helped you this week?
- EK in representing TTW in Hidden Ref
  - KW: üèÜüèÜüèÜ
- EK, RA, EP ran a workshop, will run again for the open publishing event
  - KW: Very cool too! 

#### What did you achieve?
- Reproducibility Parliamentry reponse
- Signed the Senior Researcher contract
  - KW: Yaaaaaay! üéäüéäüéä
- MY and LF are starting on Turing Way UX project for 3 months, did an onboarding call with them
  - Also discussed KPI and reporting with HS
  - KW: Agree on following up with the REG team on the paperwork front.
- LF is also starting on the Turing/Crick project, 6 months, half time, onboarded
  - KW: Great - looking forward to collaboration cafes ‚òï
- Chatted with MN and her team about a potential mentoring opportunity in TPS/Turing Way/National Skills team
  - KW: Super strong alingment with MN's team - please keep those conversations going!
- SeptembRSE talk and workshop
  - KW: Great networking and training üíñ

#### What did you struggle with?
- Busy

#### What would you like to work on next week?
- Book Dash

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?
- Induction planning
