# Check in meetings with Aida

* [Date: 6 April 2022](#date-6-april-2022)
* [Date: 16 March 2022](#date-16-march-2022)
* [Date: 10 March 2022](#date-10-march-2022)
* [Date: 3 March 2022](#date-3-march-2022)
* [Date: 24 February 2022](#date-24-february-2022)
* [Date: 17 February 2022](#date-17-february-2022)
* [Date: 9 February 2022](#date-9-february-2022)
* [Date: 1 February 2022](#date-1-february-2022)
* [Date: 18 January 2022](#date-18-january-2022)
* [Date: 13 January 2022](#date-13-january-2022)
* [Date: 2 December 2021](#date-2-december-2021)
* [Date: 25 November 2021](#date-25-november-2021)
* [Date: 18 November 2021](#date-18-november-2021)


---

### Date: 06 April 2022

#### Who did you help over the past fortnight?
* Support equadratures workshop
* DCE + UA Follow-ups (Francesca/Neave, Polly Hudson, Francesco/Andre, Lawrence, Pranay)
* Reach out to startup founders and ethical AI academics for AI UK Infra survey (Shannon Vallor responded!)
#### Who helped you over the past fortnight?
* Fernando - helping actually push forward EDT + DyME work
#### What did you achieve?
* Create research note HackMDs for [Digital Twins](https://hackmd.io/4mLh4KBzSIqFdhS9YZkWSw?view) and [Open Source ](https://hackmd.io/Dj4bFeVtTwKCfeZ8o_1puA?view)
* Applied for Aspiring Leadership Programme + Public Engagement Course
* Reached out to Theo (RSS Sir David Attenborough), Omar Matar (Quasir), Fehmi Cirak (Stat-fem)
* Assigned a mentor: Amit Mulji Head of the Office of the Director)
#### What did you struggle with?
* Cold e-mails to DCE folks (I think the RAM webpage might help when we have this?)
* 
#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Prepare for a strong strategy meeting with Gavin Shaddick mid-week
* Use Mapathon as a point to start conversations on map-based collaborations (with eye towards public engagement opportunities)
* Create DCE Commercalisation workstream plan
* Try to get in touch with Margaret Mitchell through her BL event next week
#### Where do you need help?
* How to think about supporting PIs pitching directly to Mark G (vs. within their ASG programme)?
#### Any other topics
*


### Date: 16 March 2022

#### Who did you help over the past fortnight?
* Helped facilitate part of the UA Digital Twins Session
#### Who helped you over the past fortnight?
* Events team with Hopin onboarding
#### What did you achieve?
* 
#### What did you struggle with?
* Preparing for panels
* Figuring out how to prepare workshop presenters for Hopin
#### What would you like to work on next week?
* AI UK!
* Prepare for Equadratures BAS + Warwick Workshops
#### Where do you need help?
* Balancing Warwick workshop with lab lunch
#### Any other topics
*

---

### Date: 10 March 2022
#### Who did you help over the past fortnight?
* Working with Warwick ULM for EQ workshop
* Outreach to UA researchers
#### Who helped you over the past fortnight?
* Warwick ULM
* Other RAMs with Lightning talk recordings
* Kirstie with "email psychology 101" + Tech Nation rec later
#### What did you achieve?
* 1:1 scheduled with Gavin (see: previous point) for mid-April re: DyME-CHH strategy!
* Lightning talk recordings!
* Attended first UK AI Infra meeting with working group + partner
#### What did you struggle with?
* 
#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Final AI UK prep (Hopin dry-runs, speaker guidelines)
#### Where do you need help?
* Prep before US travel (missing the potential final checkin with Kirstie, ASG Impact Meeting)
#### Any other topics
* Future Turing Mapathon - Open Source Mapping/Map Data Day?
<img width="676" alt="Screenshot 2022-03-10 at 10 04 35" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5104098/157642264-8c6b6afe-340f-41a6-a273-414bb3df7d7d.png">

---

### Date: 3 March 2022
#### Who did you help over the past fortnight?
* DyME team with project naming, code testing, and panel organisation
  * [AM] ASPICS ðŸ¤¦ Super interesting to hear about the computational environment issue with MacOS or Conda; solution is better documentation; I'm soooo happy that you're doing code testing! 
#### Who helped you over the past fortnight?
* Nico & Scott - with equadratures workshops
  * [AM] What a joy to hear that this has been effective! âœ¨  
#### What did you achieve?
* Key collaboration indicators vs KPIs? How do you abstract collaboration as a goal? E.g. you should be able to onboard to any Turing output within 30 minutes. I really like this as an overall Turing-wide goal, and almost as a TPS mission?! 
#### What did you struggle with?
* Getting in contact with people & stagnant decision making processes
#### What would you like to work on next week?
* KCIs to Paper?
  * [AM] So exciting! 
* AI UK Lighting Talk recording & Hopin prep for workshops
* UK AI Infra Group
#### Where do you need help?
* Inviting 2 undergrads from Rice U join the Collab Cafe on March 16?
  * [AM] Well done on mentoring!! It's such a valuable skill to mentor well and great service.   
#### Any other topics
* Key Collaboration Indicators (https://alan-turing-institute.slack.com/archives/C02KXCLJYP2/p1646229612310159)
---

### Date: 24 February 2022
#### Who did you help over the past fortnight?
* Pushing DyME work forward - panel organisation & potential collabs with EnergyFlex
#### Who helped you over the past fortnight?
* Kirstie & Arielle in demystifying the UK AI Research Infra team & project context
* Sophia in providing clarity on a UA project/PI
* Scott Hosking for moving the EQ/BAS workshop forward so smoothly
#### What did you achieve?
* Contributed survey & big picture feedback to the UK AI Research Infra team, as part of the advisor group
* Scheduled all my AI UK Lightning Talk recording sessions
* Wrote RAM KPIs section for position paper
* Invited attendees to BAS workshop 
#### What did you struggle with?
* How to get in touch with programme directors / PIs
#### What would you like to work on next week?
* RAM KPIs second draft + organise into format for Hannah
* AI UK Lightning Talk recordings
#### Where do you need help?
* 
#### Any other topics
* Will the DSG white papers be published?
---

### Date: 17 February 2022
#### Who did you help over the past fortnight?
* Promote EQ for ASG newsletter & connect them with Nico
#### Who helped you over the past fortnight?
* RAM team with KPIs
#### What did you achieve?
* Paticipation in DyME Interview Panel
* Pushing forward DyME convos with UA
#### What did you struggle with?
* Have I "said yes" to too much? DyME, RRI, AI Infra, + general UA/DCE
#### What would you like to work on next week?
* 
#### Where do you need help?
* RAM KPIs deadline?
#### Any other topics
*

---

### Date: 9 February 2022
#### Who did you help over the past fortnight?
* PIs find AI UK opportunities to showcase their work
* DyME interview Panel
#### Who helped you over the past fortnight?
* AI UK name brainstorming - Turing Research In Action!
* Malvika organised call to chat about/provide help with RAM integration of TTW in our work
* Dani and Will have helped me make UA inroads tremendously
* RAM team feedback on [AI UK lightning talks](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Qi3qIeuJwY_g4l0AxIUbKI4zS9aY9sElAIpL37HS_QA/edit#slide=id.p) + EQ workshop facilitation scoping
#### What did you achieve?
* Lightning Talk Format + AI UK Deck
* Signing up 5 workshops (notably QUANT-SPENSER/DyME) + 8 lightning talks (some pending... but likely)
* RAM KPIs text and google sheet
#### What did you struggle with?
* Trying to wrap UA work into a neat package - every project is complex and distributed which apparently is part of the vision (this is a feature)
#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Feedback on KPIs from Hannah & Mafalda
* Contribute to ASG projects scoping list
#### Where do you need help?
* Should I officially submit my 6 month goals?
#### Any other topics
* 
---

### Date: 1 February 2022
#### Who did you help over the past fortnight?
* 
#### Who helped you over the past fortnight?
* 1:1 with Sophia
* Dani chat re: UA projects & AI UK
#### What did you achieve?
* Glossy Templates on Figma
* RAM KPIs to prepare for MEIL collab
#### What did you struggle with?
*
#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Finalising RAM KPIs 
* Confirming DCE/UA PI participation in AI UK
#### Where do you need help?
* 6 Month Objectives: https://hackmd.io/M4s9wArQR4aGF4utjbQPbQ
#### Any other topics
* Framing of RAM parallel roles

### Date: 18 January 2022  
(and also 26-Jan)
#### Who did you help over the past fortnight?
* First goatherding of lab meeting! Creation of goals templates used in other settings too
#### Who helped you over the past fortnight?
* RPMs in outreach to DCE & UA projects
* Kirstie goal setting dog walk chat
#### What did you achieve?
* RAM team: admin/org - create Note of Notes, Showcase outreach
* Engagement with Fleet Modeling, EnergyFlex, QUANT-SPENSER, Low-Traffic Neighborhoods
* Plant the seeds for TW-inspired virtual EQ workshop
* Lighting Talk Framework Draft - https://hackmd.io/gxE5QbD0TgWAi9Zui8dZVQ?view
#### What did you struggle with?
* Understanding UA projects
#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Lighting Talk Framework Feedback & Test Run with 1 PI
* [RAM KPIs](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vmXKh_yNTzmQcrNm1ixtPMhlf8uT_5DqyhP82uYxoZQ/edit#gid=958210607)
#### Where do you need help?
* Travel in March for US wedding
* [6 Month Objectives](https://hackmd.io/M4s9wArQR4aGF4utjbQPbQ?view)
* Facilitator Training next steps
* Process to contact Comms about impact stories
#### Any other topics
*
---

### Date: 13 January 2022
#### Who did you help over the past fortnight?
* Helped create a new glossy for Equadratures (6 drafts, with key stakeholder feedback throughout)
#### Who helped you over the past fortnight?
* Achintya + RAM team provided feedback for the eq glossy
#### What did you achieve?
* EQ Glossy
* Goal setting frameworks for this week's lab meeting to hopefully make the goal setting process more accesible and less daunting
* Connecting with more DT & UA folks
#### What did you struggle with?
* Understanding what work streams I should focus on
#### What would you like to work on next week?
* RAM Showcase Outreach
* [RAM KPIs](https://hackmd.io/tPwR0NbpTKyHB1M5FHz1WA?view)
* Research impact communication framework
#### Where do you need help?
* Better understand the process for how work streams are assigned & responsibilities allocated
* Discussion of 6-month/long term goals
* Direction for RAM KPIs workstream
#### Any other topics
* Integrating professional mentorship into 1:1s?

---

### Date: 2 December 2021
#### Who did you help over the past fortnight?
* RAM team - spreading the new RAM JDs on social media/to my network!
#### Who helped you over the past fortnight?
* Aida with equadratures planning & partnerships outreach
#### What did you achieve?
* Brainstomring/planning convo with equadratures team
* e-attending Urban Analytics event for some ideas for future RAM event
* New developments to RAM rubric
#### What did you struggle with?
* Participating fully in DSG events so far
#### What would you like to work on next week?
* DSG!
#### Where do you need help?
* At this point, should I potentially put off the Dani email until early next year? Since we may only have 1 week to schedule a meeting with RAMs+Kirstie?
#### Any other topics
* Reaching out to Ruchi?

---

### Date: 25 November 2021
#### Who did you help over the past fortnight?
#### Who helped you over the past fortnight?
* RAM Team helped me with a brainstorming session for Equadratures
#### What did you achieve?
* Email out to Chris, Helen, and Cosmina about Standards & Assurances
* Greaft first meeting with Lawrence Bull
#### What did you struggle with?
* Understanding how RAMs can most effectively plug into work streams
#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Successful kick off to DSG!
* Reach out to Dani from Urban Analytics / Urban Grammar
#### Where do you need help?
* Understanding the different EQ workshops (Turing vs. R-R)
* Understanding how/when to best engage with PIs
#### Any other topics
* Applying for [Research Software Engineering with Python](https://www.eventsforce.net/turingevents/frontend/reg/thome.csp?pageID=50389&eventID=152&traceRedir=2)?

---

### Date: 11 November 2021
#### Who did you help over the past fortnight?
#### Who helped you over the past fortnight?
* So many people in the lab! Shouts out to AM for all the onboarding to Turing/RAM team help, AC for helping fill in some of the onboarding gaps, and AR for help with my first Turing Way merge!
#### What did you achieve?
* Participation in RRI Course
* Convos with Andrew Duncan, Mark Birkin, Pranay, Katy, Will
#### What did you struggle with?
* Understanding who is in charge of what work streams and how RAMs will fit into all of that
#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Productive conversations with Equadratures and Lawrence Bull
#### Where do you need help?
* Brainstorming on how to best position RAM engagement with Equadratures
* E-mail to Chris, Helen, and Cosmina
* Reaching out to Ruchi (Underground Farm)

---

### Template

### Date: DD MM 2022

#### Who did you help over the past fortnight?
*
#### Who helped you over the past fortnight?
*
#### What did you achieve?
*
#### What did you struggle with?
*
#### What would you like to work on next week?
*
#### Where do you need help?
*
#### Any other topics
*
