# Amol meetings with Kirstie

*Meetings are scheduled every 2 weeks*

* [15th Dec 2021] (#date-wed-15th-december-2021)
* [1st Dec 2021](#date-wed-1st-december-2021)
* [Template](#date-template)

## Date: Wed 15th December 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

* Reviewed and made some comments on GA's moderation report but will discuss further before approving PR together
  * KW: Great stuff
* Held role of time keeper and note taker at AutSPACEs community meetup
  * KW: Thank you for keeping everyone on track!

#### Who helped you this week?

* KW helped to put me on the right track to continue shaping the AutSPACEs data paper
  * KW: I'm glad this was helpful - easier to get going in the new year I think!

#### What did you achieve?

* Reviewed the PIONEER Data Request form and made notes on what the DECOVID team can help researchers with accessing to contribute to that section of the paper and asked PIONEER for a bit of insight into some of the questions
  * KW: This is helpful - a little blocked but probably enough to add in those links to point to the links on Pioneer.
* Started writing up the AutSPACEs paper and got some more insights from the community meetup where I took notes and kept time
  * KW: Great stuff - really helpful to get started so we can iterate âœ¨
* Attended a really useful workshop: Conducting high quality conversations and learned a lot about how to navigate challenging conversations. 

#### What did you struggle with?

* Got a response from PIONEER but only to say they will provide answers later this week, once I receive those I will have to review them and see if they are appropriate
  * KW: Yeah - fingers crossed for a reply before Christmas...

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Write up my findings for DECOVID/PIONEER data access questions into the data access section of the paper
  * KW: I think this is good to prioritise before Christmas.
* Have more sections of the AutSPACEs paper written up 
  * KW: Personally I'd focus on DECOVID before this, you have lots of scope to explore in the new year.
* Celebrate Christmas!
  * KW: ðŸŽ„
* KW: Don't forget to deliver to WKW on the comparison of the protocols too. Ideally quite soon after Christmas.

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Comments today and this week on the DECOVID Data Access section and suggestions for the next part of the AutSPACEs paper to write before you are away for the holidays! 
  * KW: I don't think you can do the AutSPACEs work before I go away.
  * Useful discussion in the meeting.

## Date: Wed 1st December 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

* Supported SL and JD with Goatherding
* Took notes for EK at DECOVID data paper co-working

KW: Super helpful!

#### Who helped you this week?

* EK helped me set up a DECOVID Data paper repository
  * KW: Very cool!!

#### What did you achieve?

* Created and started working on DECOVID data paper repository
* Started comparing DECOVID and Pioneer data access protocols
  * https://www.decovid.org/about
  * https://www.pioneerdatahub.co.uk/public-documents/pioneer-protocol-10-april-2021
* Meetings w NL and WKW
* Explored HDRUK Gateway
* Successfully inducted onto UCLH DSH
  * KW: ðŸ™ŒðŸ™ŒðŸ™Œ

#### What did you struggle with?

* Moving house and coming down with the flu all at once! Getting settled and feeling better now though
  * KW: Glad you're feeling better!!

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Have a working DECOVID data paper repository set up
* Have a list of similarities and differences for DECOVID and Pioneer Data Access Protocols
* Understand a bit more about what Pioneer is and how it works:
  * https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nXJ3IrxJYMk
  * https://www.pioneerdatahub.co.uk/blogs/partnering-with-pioneer-ahsn-webinar
* Start work on DECOVID infographic
  * KW: This doesn't feel like the highest priority - or maybe better to go through Pioneer to figure out how they made the one that exists for UHB data
* KW: Also worth keeping an eye on the AutSPACEs user experiences data paper
  * Data Management: https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/AutisticaCitizenScience/blob/master/project-management/ethics-applications/stage-1-co-design-phase/A8_DataManagement.pdf 
  * Study Protocol: https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/AutisticaCitizenScience/blob/master/project-management/ethics-applications/stage-1-co-design-phase/A9_StudyProtocol.pdf

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Some insight into Pioneer and DECOVID to help start my comparisons perhaps?
  * KW: A bit of a chat in the meeting but it is all a bit complicated ðŸ˜©
  * Sent a couple of emails to see if I can get you a bit more information!
* Book meeting for January.

## Date: Template

#### Who did you help this week?

* Replace this text with a one/two sentence description of who you helped this week and how.

#### Who helped you this week?

* Replace this text with a one/two sentence description of who helped you this week and how.

#### What did you achieve?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of what you achieved this week.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!

#### What did you struggle with?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of where you struggled this week.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of what you would like to work on next week.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!
* Try to estimate how long each task will take.

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of what you need help from Kirstie on.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!
* Try to estimate how long each task will take.

#### Any other topics

This space is yours to add to as needed.
